data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/X11/cursors/Breeze_Snow.theme                 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/X11/cursors/breeze_cursors.theme              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/breeze-cursor-theme/changelog.Debian.gz breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/breeze-cursor-theme/copyright           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/alias             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/all-scroll        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/bottom_left_corner breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/bottom_right_corner breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/bottom_side       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/cell              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/center_ptr        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/col-resize        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/color-picker      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/context-menu      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/copy              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/crosshair         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/default           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/dnd-move          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/dnd-no-drop       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/down-arrow        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/draft             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/fleur             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/help              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/left-arrow        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/left_side         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/no-drop           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/not-allowed       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/openhand          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/pencil            breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/pirate            breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/pointer           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/progress          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/right-arrow       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/right_ptr         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/right_side        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/row-resize        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size_bdiag        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size_fdiag        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size_hor          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size_ver          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/text              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/top_left_corner   breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/top_right_corner  breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/top_side          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/up-arrow          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/vertical-text     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/wait              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/wayland-cursor    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/x-cursor          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/zoom-in           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/zoom-out          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/index.theme               breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/alias          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/all-scroll     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/bottom_left_corner breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/bottom_right_corner breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/bottom_side    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/cell           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/center_ptr     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/col-resize     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/color-picker   breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/context-menu   breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/copy           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/crosshair      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/default        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/dnd-move       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/dnd-no-drop    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/down-arrow     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/draft          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/fleur          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/help           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/left-arrow     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/left_side      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/no-drop        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/not-allowed    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/openhand       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/pencil         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/pirate         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/pointer        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/progress       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/right-arrow    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/right_ptr      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/right_side     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/row-resize     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size_bdiag     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size_fdiag     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size_hor       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size_ver       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/text           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/top_left_corner breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/top_right_corner breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/top_side       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/up-arrow       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/vertical-text  breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/wait           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/wayland-cursor breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/x-cursor       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/zoom-in        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/zoom-out       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/index.theme            breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/00000000000000020006000e7e9ffc3f breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/00008160000006810000408080010102 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/03b6e0fcb3499374a867c041f52298f0 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/08e8e1c95fe2fc01f976f1e063a24ccd breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/1081e37283d90000800003c07f3ef6bf breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/3085a0e285430894940527032f8b26df breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/3ecb610c1bf2410f44200f48c40d3599 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/4498f0e0c1937ffe01fd06f973665830 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/5c6cd98b3f3ebcb1f9c7f1c204630408 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/6407b0e94181790501fd1e167b474872 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/640fb0e74195791501fd1ed57b41487f breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/9081237383d90e509aa00f00170e968f breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/9d800788f1b08800ae810202380a0822 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/a2a266d0498c3104214a47bd64ab0fc8 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/arrow             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/b66166c04f8c3109214a4fbd64a50fc8 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/circle            breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/closedhand        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/cross             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/crossed_circle    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/d9ce0ab605698f320427677b458ad60b breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/dnd-copy          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/dnd-none          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/e-resize          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/e29285e634086352946a0e7090d73106 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/ew-resize         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/fcf21c00b30f7e3f83fe0dfd12e71cff breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/forbidden         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/grab              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/grabbing          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/h_double_arrow    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/half-busy         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/hand1             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/hand2             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/ibeam             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/left_ptr          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/left_ptr_help     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/left_ptr_watch    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/link              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/move              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/n-resize          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/ne-resize         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/nesw-resize       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/ns-resize         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/nw-resize         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/nwse-resize       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/plus              breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/pointing_hand     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/question_arrow    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/s-resize          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/sb_h_double_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/sb_v_double_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/se-resize         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size-bdiag        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size-fdiag        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size-hor          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size-ver          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/size_all          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/split_h           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/split_v           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/sw-resize         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/top_left_arrow    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/v_double_arrow    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/w-resize          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/watch             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/whats_this        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Breeze_Snow/cursors/xterm             breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/00000000000000020006000e7e9ffc3f breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/00008160000006810000408080010102 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/03b6e0fcb3499374a867c041f52298f0 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/08e8e1c95fe2fc01f976f1e063a24ccd breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/1081e37283d90000800003c07f3ef6bf breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/3085a0e285430894940527032f8b26df breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/3ecb610c1bf2410f44200f48c40d3599 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/4498f0e0c1937ffe01fd06f973665830 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/5c6cd98b3f3ebcb1f9c7f1c204630408 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/6407b0e94181790501fd1e167b474872 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/640fb0e74195791501fd1ed57b41487f breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/9081237383d90e509aa00f00170e968f breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/9d800788f1b08800ae810202380a0822 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/a2a266d0498c3104214a47bd64ab0fc8 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/arrow          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/b66166c04f8c3109214a4fbd64a50fc8 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/circle         breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/closedhand     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/cross          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/crossed_circle breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/d9ce0ab605698f320427677b458ad60b breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/dnd-copy       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/dnd-none       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/e-resize       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/e29285e634086352946a0e7090d73106 breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/ew-resize      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/fcf21c00b30f7e3f83fe0dfd12e71cff breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/forbidden      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/grab           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/grabbing       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/h_double_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/half-busy      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/hand1          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/hand2          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/ibeam          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/left_ptr       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/left_ptr_help  breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/left_ptr_watch breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/link           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/move           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/n-resize       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/ne-resize      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/nesw-resize    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/ns-resize      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/nw-resize      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/nwse-resize    breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/plus           breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/pointing_hand  breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/question_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/s-resize       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/sb_h_double_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/sb_v_double_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/se-resize      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size-bdiag     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size-fdiag     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size-hor       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size-ver       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/size_all       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/split_h        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/split_v        breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/sw-resize      breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/top_left_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/v_double_arrow breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/w-resize       breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/watch          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/whats_this     breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/breeze_cursors/cursors/xterm          breeze-cursor-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/bullet.xbm       termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/close.xbm        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/desk.xbm         termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/iconify.xbm      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/max.xbm          termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/shade.xbm        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Arc-Clone/openbox-3/themerc          termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/cinnamon.css     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-separator.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/bg.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/corner-ripple.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet-header.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/osd.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/trash-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-bottom.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-top.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-bottom.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-top.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/menu/menu.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/menu/submenu.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/misc/button-box.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/misc/message.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/misc/modal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/light-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/cinnamon/thumbnail.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/dash-placeholder.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-down.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-up.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gnome-shell/light-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/apps.rc           termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/gtkrc             termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/main.rc           termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-toolbar.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar_button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/panel.rc          termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-3.0/gtk.css           termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/index.theme               termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/button-bg.svg  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/button-border.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/close-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/max-icon.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/min-icon.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/metacity-1/thumbnail.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/plank/dock.theme          termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/dash/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_edge_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_edge_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_glow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_glow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_shine_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_icon_shine_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/close.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/close_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/close_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/maximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/maximize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/maximize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/minimize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/minimize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/minimize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/window-buttons/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/bottom-active.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/close-active.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/close-inactive.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/close-prelight.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/close-pressed.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/hide-active.png     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/left-active.png     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/left-inactive.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/menu-active.png     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/right-active.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/right-inactive.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/shade-active.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/stick-active.png    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/themerc             termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-1-active.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-2-active.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-3-active.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-4-active.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-5-active.png  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/cinnamon.css termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/menu/menu-separator.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/add-workspace.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/bg.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/close.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/corner-ripple.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet-header.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/desklet.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/osd.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/overview.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/misc/trash-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-bottom.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/panel-top.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-bottom.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/panel/window-list-active-top.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/menu/menu.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/menu/submenu.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/misc/button-box.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/misc/message.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/misc/modal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/dark-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/cinnamon/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/dash-placeholder.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-down.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-up.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/dark-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/apps.rc      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/gtkrc        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/main.rc      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-active-toolbar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-disabled-toolbar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-toolbar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-toolbar-dark.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar_button-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/panel.rc     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/index.theme          termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/button-bg.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/button-border.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/close-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/max-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/min-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/metacity-1/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/plank/dock.theme     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/dash/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_edge_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_edge_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_glow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_glow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_shine_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_icon_shine_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/close.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/close_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/close_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/maximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/maximize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/maximize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/minimize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/minimize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/minimize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/window-buttons/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/close-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/hide-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/menu-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/shade-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/stick-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/themerc        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/apps.rc    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/gtkrc      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/main.rc    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-active-toolbar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-disabled-toolbar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-toolbar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-toolbar-dark.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar_button-dark.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/panel.rc   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-3.0/gtk.css    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/index.theme        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/button-bg.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/button-border.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/close-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/max-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/min-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/metacity-1/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/plank/dock.theme   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/dash/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_edge_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_edge_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_glow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_glow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_shine_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_icon_shine_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/close.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/close_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/close_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/maximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/maximize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/maximize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/minimize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/minimize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/minimize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/window-buttons/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/close-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/close-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/close-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/close-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/hide-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/menu-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/shade-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/stick-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/themerc      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-1-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-2-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-3-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-4-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-5-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/dash-placeholder.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running1.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running2.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running3.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/dash/running4.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/calendar-today.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-down.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/misc/ws-switch-arrow-up.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/panel/activities-active.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-off-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/common-assets/switch/switch-on-selected.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/checkbox/checkbox-checked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked-focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/checkbox/checkbox-unchecked.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-left.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right-hover.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/misc/calendar-arrow-right.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/panel/activities.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/switch/switch-off.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gnome-shell/lighter-assets/switch/switch-on.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/apps.rc   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-selected.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/gtkrc     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/main.rc   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-active-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-disabled-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/entry-toolbar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar-toolbar.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar/menubar_button.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/panel.rc  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-3.0/gtk.css   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/index.theme       termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/button-bg.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/button-border.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/close-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/max-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/min-icon.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/metacity-1/thumbnail.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/plank/dock.theme  termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/dash/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_outline_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_arrow_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_edge_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_edge_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_glow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_glow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_selected_back_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_200.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_shadow_62.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_shine_150.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_icon_shine_54.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_pip_ltr_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_19.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/launcher_pip_rtl_37.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/close.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/close_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/close_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/maximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/maximize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/maximize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/minimize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/minimize_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/minimize_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/window-buttons/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/bottom-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/close-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/close-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/close-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/close-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/hide-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/maximize-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/menu-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/shade-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/stick-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/themerc     termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-1-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-2-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-3-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-4-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-5-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/top-left-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/top-right-active.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close.svg           termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_dash.svg      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/close_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize.svg        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_dash.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/maximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize.svg        termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_dash.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/minimize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/sheet_style_close_focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize.svg      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close.svg      termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/close_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/maximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/minimize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/sheet_style_close_focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Dark/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close.svg    termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/close_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/maximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/minimize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/sheet_style_close_focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Darker/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close.svg   termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/close_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/maximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/minimize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/sheet_style_close_focused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/sheet_style_close_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_dash.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_dash_disabled.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_dash_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_dash_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_focused_normal.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_focused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_focused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_unfocused.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/termux-Arc-Lighter/unity/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.svg termux-arc-gtk-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/AUTHORS          termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/LICENSE          termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/object-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/object-stroke-style.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/object-stroke.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/transform-affect-gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/transform-affect-pattern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/12/transform-affect-stroke.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/PrePostCondition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/accept_signal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/acrobat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/address-book-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/adjustcol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/adjustrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/aggregation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/akonadi-phone-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_cart_add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_cart_remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_cart_view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/application-exit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/application-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/appointment-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/archive-extract.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/archive-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/archive-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/artifact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/association.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/atmosphere.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/autocorrection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/automated-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bitmap-trace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/black_sum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmark-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmark-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bordertool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/call-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/call-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/category.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/category2parent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/character-set.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/check_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/child2category.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/choice-rhomb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/chronometer-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/chronometer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/circular-arrow-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/code-block.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/code-class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/code-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/code-function.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/code-typedef.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/code-variable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/collapse-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-management.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-picker-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-picker-white.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/colors-chromablue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/colors-chromagreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/colors-chromared.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/colors-luma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/combined_fragment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/compass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/composition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/containment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/crosshairs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/curve-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dashboard-show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/database-index.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-run-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-step-instruction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-step-into-instruction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-step-into.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-step-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/debug-step-over.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/deep-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/delete-comment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/delete-table-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/deletecell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dependency.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-input-devices.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-layers.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-messages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-scripts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-tile-clones.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-xml-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-margin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-compareleft.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-compareright.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-export.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-import.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-open-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-open-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-print-direct.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-revert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-save-as.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-save.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-send.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-swap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-unequal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/download-later.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-bezier-curves.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-circle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-cross.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-cuboid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-donut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-ellipse-arc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-ellipse-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-ellipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-eraser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-freehand.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-halfcircle4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-highlight.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-polygon-star.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-polygon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-rectangle-rounded.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-spiral.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-star.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-triangle4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-watercolor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-bomb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clone-unlink.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-cut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-find-replace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-find.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-detect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-recognize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-image-face-show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-line-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-opacity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-paste-in-place.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-paste-style.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-paste.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-redo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select-all-layers.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select-invert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select-original.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-cell-merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-cell-split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-delete-column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-text-frame-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-undo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/entity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/escape-direction-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/exception.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/expand-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/favorite-genres-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/feed-subscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-and-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-bpm-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-dash-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-divider.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-dot-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-filetype-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-group-length.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-group-tracks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-initial-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-moodbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-slash-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-space-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-title-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-underscore-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/fill-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/fill-rule-even-odd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/fill-rule-nonzero.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/final_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flag-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flag-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flag-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flag-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flag-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flashlight-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/flashlight-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/folder-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/folder-open-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/folder-stash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/folder-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/font-disable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/font-enable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/foreign_green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/foreign_red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/foreignkey_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-add-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-diagonal-bl-tr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-diagonal-tl-br.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-external.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-internal-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-internal-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-internal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-set-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-border-style.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-break-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-connect-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-disconnect-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-font-size-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-font-size-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-indent-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-indent-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-join-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-justify-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-justify-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-justify-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-justify-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-line-spacing-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-line-spacing-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-line-spacing-triple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-list-ordered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-number-percent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-precision-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-precision-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-remove-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-blockquote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-bold.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-capitalize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-code.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-direction-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-italic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-lowercase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-strikethrough.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-symbol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-underline-squiggle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-underline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-text-uppercase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-achievements.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-config-board.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-config-tiles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-difficult.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-highscores.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-solve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/generalise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/globe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-autofilter-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-component-insert-shaped.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-data-slicer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-formulaguru.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-external.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-internal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-url.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-pages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-pivottable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-down-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-first.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-jump-declaration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-jump-definition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-jump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-last.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-next-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-next-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-next-use.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-previous-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-previous-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-previous-use.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-up-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/grid-axonometric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/grid-rectangular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-convert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-index.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-select-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-about.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-brl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-chf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-eur.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-gbp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-inr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-jpy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-pln.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-rub.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-sek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-try.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-uah.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-usd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-whatsthis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-aim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-ban-kick-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-facebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-icq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-identi.ca.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-invisible-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-kick-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-msn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-qq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-skype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-twitter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-user-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-user-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-user-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-user-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-yahoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-youtube.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/input-mouse-click-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/input-mouse-click-middle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/input-mouse-click-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-button.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-endnote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-footnote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-horizontal-rule.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-math-expression.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-more-mark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-page-break.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-table-of-contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-text-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insertcellcopy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/irc-channel-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/irc-channel-inactive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/join.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/journal-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/junction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/key-enter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_combine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_comparedirs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_diskusage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_mountman.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_unselect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kruler-east.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kruler-south.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kruler-west.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-editbreaklayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-editgrid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-edithlayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-editvlayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-lower.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-raise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-visible-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-visible-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/license.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lighttable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lines-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/list-add-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/list-add-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/list-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/list-remove-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/list-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/love-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-attachment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-forward-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-invitation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-message-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-queue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-receive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-author.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-send.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-tagged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/markasblank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/measure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-album-track.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-eject.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-mount.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playback-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-append.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-play.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-random-albums-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-record.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-track-queue-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-track-show-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/meeting-attending-tentative.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/meeting-participant-no-response.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/meeting-participant-request-response.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mergecell-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mergecell-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mergecell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/milestone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/minuet-chords.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/minuet-intervals.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/minuet-rhythms.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/minuet-scales.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mode1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mode2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mode3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mode4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mode5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/network-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/network-disconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/new-audio-alarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/news-subscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/news-unsubscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-segment-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-segment-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-transform.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-type-auto-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-type-cusp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-type-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-type-symmetric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/notifications-disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/notifications.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-flip-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-flip-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-front.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-lower.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-raise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-rotate-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-rotate-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-rows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-stroke-style.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-ungroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-area.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-bar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-line-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-line-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-pie.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-polar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-ring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/office-chart-scatter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/overflow-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/page-2sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/page-3sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/page-4sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/page-simple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-gradient-linear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-gradient-radial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-pattern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-solid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-swatch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/paint-unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-break-apart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-combine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-cut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-difference.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-division.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-effect-parameter-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-exclusion.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-inset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-mask-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-mode-polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-offset-dynamic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-offset-linked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-outset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-reverse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-simplify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-union.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pixelart-trace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/player-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/player-volume.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/plugins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/precondition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/primarykey_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/process-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project-development-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project-development-new-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quickopen-class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quickopen-file.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quickopen-function.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quickopen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/realization.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/redeyes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/remove-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/repeat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resizecol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resizerow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resource-calendar-child.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resource-calendar-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resource-group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/retweet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/reverse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/roll.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build-clean.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build-file.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build-install-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build-prune.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/select-rectangular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/send_signal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/shapes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-node-handles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-path-outline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/similarartists-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-grid-guide-intersections.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-guideline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-cusp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-nodes-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-orthogonal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-text-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/sort-presence.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/speaker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/special_paste.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/sqrt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/standard-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/state-fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stateshape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/story-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-butt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-square.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-join-bevel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-join-miter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-join-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/svn-commit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/svn-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/swap-panels.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/symbols.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-log-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tab-detach.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tab-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tab-new-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tab-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/task-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/taxes-finances.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-field.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-flow-into-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-frame-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-frame-unlink.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-put-on-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-remove-from-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-speak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-unflow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-unkern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-wrap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_horz_kern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_letter_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_line_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_rotation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_vert_kern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_word_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool-animator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool-tweak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_elliptical_selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_imageeffects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-check-spelling.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-erase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-media-optical-format.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-rip-video-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools-wizard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-pattern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-affect-stroke.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-crop-and-resize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-crop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-move-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-move-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-rotate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-scale.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-shear-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/trash-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/trim-margins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/trim-to-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_deployment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/uniassociation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/unique_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/unmarkasblank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/upindicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/upload-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user-group-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user-group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user-group-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user-others.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-barcode-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-barcode-qr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-barcode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-agenda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-birthday.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-month.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-time-spent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-timeline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-week.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-choose.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-file-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-filter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-form-action.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-form.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-fullscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-grid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-hidden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-left-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-list-details.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-list-icons.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-list-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-list-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-equalizer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-lyrics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-visualization.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-multiple-objects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-object-histogram-linear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pages-continuous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pages-facing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pages-overview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-private.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-readermode-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-readermode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-refresh.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-restore.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-right-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-right-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-sidetree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-sort-ascending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-sort-descending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-split-left-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-split-top-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-statistics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-task-child.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/virtual-desktops.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/widget-alternatives.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-pin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-restore.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-unpin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/xml-attribute-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/xml-element-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/xml-node-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/xml-text-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/y-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-in-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-original.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-out-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-out-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/PrePostCondition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/accept_signal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/acrobat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/address-book-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/adjustcurves.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/adjusthsl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/adjustlevels.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/adjustrgb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/aggregation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/akonadiconsole.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_cart_add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_cart_remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_cart_view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/antivignetting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/application-exit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/application-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/appointment-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/archive-extract.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/archive-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/archive-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/artifact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/association.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/atmosphere.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/auto-transition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/auto-type.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/autocorrection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/backgroundtool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bboxnext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bboxprev.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/black_sum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/blurfx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/blurimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmark-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmark-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bordertool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bwtonal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/call-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/call-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/category.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/category2parent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/channelmixer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/character-set.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/charcoaltool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/check_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/child2category.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/choice-rhomb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/choice-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/chronometer-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/chronometer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/circular-arrow-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/code-block.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/code-class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/code-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/code-function.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/code-typedef.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/code-variable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/collapse-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-management.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-picker-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-picker-white.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colorfx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colorneg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colors-chromablue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colors-chromagreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colors-chromared.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colors-luma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/combined_fragment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/compass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/composite-track-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/composition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/contrast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/coordinate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/copy-coordinates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/crosshairs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/curve-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dashboard-show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/database-change-key.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/database-index.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-run-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-step-instruction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-step-into-instruction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-step-into.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-step-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/debug-step-over.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/deep-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/delete-comment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dependency.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/depth16to8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/depth8to16.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/description.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dfrac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-input-devices.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-messages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-scripts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-xml-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/discrete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-graph-directed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-graph.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-randomize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-unclump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-margin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-export.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-import.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-open-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-open-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-print-direct.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-revert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-save-as-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-save-as.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-save.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-send.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-swap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dontknow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/download-later.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/drag-surface.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-bezier-curves.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-calligraphic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-circle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-cross.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-cuboid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-donut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-ellipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-eraser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-freehand.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-halfcircle4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-highlight.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-polygon-star.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-polygon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-rectangle-rounded.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-spiral.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-star.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-triangle4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-watercolor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/earthquake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-bomb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-cut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-find-replace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-find.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-detect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-recognize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-image-face-show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-line-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-opacity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-paste-in-place.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-paste.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-redo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-select-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-select-invert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-select-lasso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-select-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-select-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-cell-merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-cell-split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-delete-column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-delete-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-text-frame-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-undo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/embosstool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/entity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/entrance_animations.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/entry-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/errornext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/errorprev.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/escape-direction-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/exception.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/exchange-positions-zorder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/exchange-positions.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/expand-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/favorite-genres-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/favorite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/feed-subscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-and-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-bpm-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-dash-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-divider.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-dot-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-filetype-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-group-length.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-group-tracks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-initial-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-moodbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-slash-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-space-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-title-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-underscore-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/fill-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filmgrain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/final_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flag-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flag-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flag-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flag-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flag-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flashlight-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flashlight-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/flower-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/folder-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/folder-open-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/folder-stash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/folder-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/font-disable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/font-enable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/foreignkey_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-add-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-diagonal-bl-tr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-diagonal-tl-br.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-external.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-internal-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-internal-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-internal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-set-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-border-style.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-break-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-connect-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-convert-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-currency.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-disconnect-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-font-size-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-font-size-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-indent-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-indent-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-insert-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-join-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-justify-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-justify-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-justify-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-justify-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-line-spacing-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-line-spacing-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-line-spacing-triple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-list-ordered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-list-unordered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-node-corner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-node-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-node-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-node-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-node-symmetric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-number-percent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-precision-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-precision-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-remove-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-segment-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-segment-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-blockquote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-bold.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-capitalize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-code.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-italic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-lowercase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-strikethrough.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-symbol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-underline-squiggle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-underline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-text-uppercase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-achievements.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-config-board.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-config-tiles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-difficult.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-highscores.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-solve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/generalise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/globe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-down-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-first.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-jump-declaration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-jump-definition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-jump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-last.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-next-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-next-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-next-use.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-previous-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-previous-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-previous-use.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-up-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-convert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-index.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-select-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/handle-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/handle-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-about.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-whatsthis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hexagon-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hotpixels.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-aim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-ban-kick-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-facebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-gadugadu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-google-talk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-google.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-icq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-identi.ca.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-invisible-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-kick-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-msn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-qq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-skype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-twitter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-user-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-user-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-user-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-user-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-yahoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-youtube.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/input-mouse-click-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/input-mouse-click-middle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/input-mouse-click-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-button.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-endnote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-footnote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-horizontal-rule.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-math-expression.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-more-mark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-page-break.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-table-of-contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-text-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-channel-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-channel-inactive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-operator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-remove-operator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-unvoice.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-voice.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/item.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/join.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/journal-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/junction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-clip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-composite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-no-composite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-object-height.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-object-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-images.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-texts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-markers.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-split-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-end.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/key-enter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phrase-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phrasebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/know.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_combine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_comparedirs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_diskusage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_mountman.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_unselect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_cbound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_clines.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_cnames.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_constellationart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_deepsky.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_ekos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_fitsviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_grid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_hgrid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_horizon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_indi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_mw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_satellites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_solarsystem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_stars.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_supernovae.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-add-feeds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-add-filters.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-chunks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-magnet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-queue-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-remove-feeds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-remove-filters.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-start-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-stop-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-1x-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-2x-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-3x-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-4x-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-5x-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-TeX-logo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-axis-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-editbreaklayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-editgrid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-edithlayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-editvlayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-matrix-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-matrix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-plot-axis-points.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-down-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-left-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-right-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-shift-up-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-workbook-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-workbook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-worksheet-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-worksheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve-segments.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-fourier-filter-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-fourier-transform-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-interpolation-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-smoothing-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/layer-visible-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/layer-visible-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lensautofix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lensdistortion.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/license.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lighttable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/linear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lines-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/list-add-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/list-add-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/list-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/list-remove-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/list-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/love-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-attachment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-invitation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-message-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-queue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-receive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-send.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-tagged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/map-flat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/map-globe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/map-gnomonic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/map-mercator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/markasblank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-album-track.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-eject.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-mount.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playback-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-append.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-play.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-random-albums-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-record.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-track-queue-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-track-show-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/meeting-participant-no-response.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/meeting-participant-request-response.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/menu_new_sep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/milestone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/minuet-chords.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/minuet-intervals.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/minuet-rhythms.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/minuet-scales.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mode1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mode2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mode3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mode4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mode5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/motion_path_animations.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/music-note-16th.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/network-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/network-disconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/new-audio-alarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/newline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/news-subscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/news-unsubscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/nextfuzzy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/nextfuzzyuntrans.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/nextuntranslated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-segment-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-segment-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-transform.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-type-auto-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-type-cusp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-type-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-type-symmetric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/noisereduction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/notifications-disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/notifications.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/nroot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-flip-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-flip-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-front.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-lower.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-raise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-rotate-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-rotate-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-rows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-ungroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-area.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-bar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-line-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-line-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-pie.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-polar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-ring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/office-chart-scatter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/oilpaint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/overexposure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/overflow-menu-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/overflow-menu-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/overflow-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/page-2sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/page-3sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/page-4sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/page-simple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/paint-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/password-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-clip-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-effect-parameter-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-mask-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-mode-polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-reverse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-simplify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pathshape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/perspective.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/player-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/plugins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/podcast-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/precondition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preflight-verifier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/prevfuzzy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/prevfuzzyuntrans.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview-add-zone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview-remove-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview-remove-zone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview-render-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview-render-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/prevuntranslated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/primarykey_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/process-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project-defaults.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project-development-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project-development-new-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/question.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quickopen-class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quickopen-file.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quickopen-function.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quickopen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/raindrop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/realization.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/redeyes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/remove-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/repeat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/resource-calendar-child.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/resource-calendar-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/resource-group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/restoration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/reverse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/roll.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build-clean.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build-file.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build-install-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build-prune.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/select-rectangular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/send_signal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/shapes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/sharpenimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show-all-effects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show-gpu-effects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show-node-handles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show-path-outline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/similarartists-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skg-chart-bubble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skrooge_credit_card.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skrooge_less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skrooge_more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skrooge_much_less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skrooge_much_more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/skrooge_type.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/smiley-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-grid-guide-intersections.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-guideline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-orthogonal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-text-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/sort-presence.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/speaker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/special_paste.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/sqrt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/standard-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/state-fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stateshape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_ChargedParticle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_CircularMotor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_CoulombForce.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_GravitationForce.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_LinearMotor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_SoftBody.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Spring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_WeightForce.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/story-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-butt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-square.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-join-bevel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-join-miter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-join-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/svn-commit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/svn-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/swap-panels.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-log-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-shutdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-suspend-hibernate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-suspend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-switch-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tab-detach.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tab-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tab-new-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tab-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-recents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/task-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/taxes-finances.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/texlion.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-field.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-flow-into-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-frame-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-frame-unlink.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-speak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-unflow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text-wrap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_horz_kern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_letter_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_line_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_remove_kerns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_rotation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_vert_kern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/text_word_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/texture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/timeline-extract.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/timeline-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/timeline-lift.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/timeline-overwrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-animator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-measure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-spray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-tweak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_color_eraser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_elliptical_selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_polygon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-check-spelling.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-erase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-media-optical-format.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-rip-video-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools-wizard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/torrents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-browse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-crop-and-resize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-crop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-move-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-move-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-rotate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-scale.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-shear-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/trash-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/trim-margins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/trim-to-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/typewriter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_deployment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/underexposure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/uniassociation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/unique_constraint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/unmarkasblank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/upindicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/upload-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user-group-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user-group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user-group-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user-others.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/username-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-bank-account-checking.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-bank-account-savings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-bank-account.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-bank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-barcode-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-barcode-qr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-barcode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-agenda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-birthday.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-month.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-time-spent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-timeline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-week.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-catalog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-categories-expenditures.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-categories-incomes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-categories.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-export-secret.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-export-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-export.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-import.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-server-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-certificate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-file-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-filter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-form-action.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-form.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-fullscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-grid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-hidden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-left-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-list-details.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-list-icons.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-list-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-list-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-equalizer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-lyrics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-title.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-visualization.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-multiple-objects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-object-histogram-linear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pages-continuous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pages-facing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pages-overview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-refresh.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-restore.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-right-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-right-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-sidetree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-sort-ascending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-sort-descending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-split-effect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-split-left-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-split-top-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-statistics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-task-child.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-unsplit-effect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/virtual-desktops.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/wallet-closed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/wallet-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/warnnext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/warnprev.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/whitebalance.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/widget-alternatives.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-pin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-restore.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-unpin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/xml-attribute-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/xml-element-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/xml-node-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/xml-node-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/xml-text-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zone-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zone-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-original.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-pixels.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/acrobat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/address-book-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/amarok_cart_view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/application-exit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/application-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/appointment-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/archive-extract.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/archive-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/archive-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/bookmark-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/bordertool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/call-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/call-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/character-set.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/chronometer-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/chronometer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/code-block.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/code-class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/code-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/code-function.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/code-typedef.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/code-variable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/collapse-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-management.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-picker-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-picker-white.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/contrast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dashboard-show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/database-change-key.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/database-index.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-run-cursor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-step-instruction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-step-into-instruction.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-step-into.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-step-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/debug-step-over.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dialog-messages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-graph-directed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-graph.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-randomize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-unclump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-margin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-export.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-import.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-open-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-open-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-print-direct.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-revert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-save-as-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-save-as.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-save.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-swap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/download-later.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-bezier-curves.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-calligraphic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-circle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-cross.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-cuboid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-donut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-ellipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-eraser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-freehand.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-halfcircle4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-polygon-star.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-polygon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-spiral.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-star.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-triangle4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-watercolor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-bomb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-cut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-find-replace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-find.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-detect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-recognize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-image-face-show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-paste-in-place.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-paste.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-redo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-select-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-select-invert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-select-lasso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-select-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-cell-merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-cell-split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-delete-column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-delete-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-text-frame-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-undo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/exchange-positions-zorder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/exchange-positions.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/expand-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/feed-subscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/filename-group-length.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/filename-group-tracks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/fill-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/final_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flag-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flag-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flag-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flag-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flag-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flashlight-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/flashlight-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/folder-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/folder-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-add-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-diagonal-bl-tr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-diagonal-tl-br.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-external.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-internal-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-internal-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-internal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-set-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-border-style.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-break-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-connect-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-convert-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-currency.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-disconnect-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-font-size-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-font-size-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-indent-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-indent-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-insert-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-join-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-justify-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-justify-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-justify-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-justify-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-line-spacing-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-line-spacing-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-line-spacing-triple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-list-ordered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-list-unordered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-node-corner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-node-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-node-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-node-symmetric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-number-percent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-precision-less.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-precision-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-remove-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-segment-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-segment-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-blockquote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-bold.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-capitalize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-code.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-direction-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-italic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-lowercase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-strikethrough.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-symbol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-underline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-text-uppercase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-achievements.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-config-board.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-config-tiles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-difficult.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-highscores.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-solve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-autofilter-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-autosum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-bucket.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-cells-merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-column-size.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-component-insert-shaped.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-data-slicer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-accounting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-double-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-thick-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-thick-outside.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-double-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-thick-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-precision-decrease.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-precision-increase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-thousand-separator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-formulaguru.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-link-external.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-link-internal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-link-url.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-button.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-checkbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-combo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-ellipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-scrollbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-spinbutton.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-protection-no.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-protection-yes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-row-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-row-size.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-down-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-first.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-jump-declaration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-jump-definition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-jump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-last.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-next-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-next-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-next-use.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-previous-context.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-previous-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-previous-use.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-up-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-convert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-index.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-select-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/help-about.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-aim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-ban-kick-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-facebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-gadugadu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-google-talk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-google.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-icq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-identi.ca.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-invisible-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-kick-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-msn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-qq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-skype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-twitter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-user-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-user-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-user-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-user-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-yahoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-horizontal-rule.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-page-break.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-table-of-contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-text-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/insert-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-channel-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-channel-inactive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-operator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-remove-operator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-unvoice.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-voice.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/journal-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/key-enter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phrase-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phrasebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kstars_fitsviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/layer-visible-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/layer-visible-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/lighttable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/list-add-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/list-add-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/list-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/list-remove-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/list-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-attachment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-invitation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-message-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-queue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-receive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-send.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-tagged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-album-track.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-eject.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-mount.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-playback-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-random-albums-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-record.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-track-queue-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-track-show-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/meeting-participant-no-response.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/meeting-participant-request-response.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/menu_new_sep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/messagebox_warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/milestone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/network-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/network-disconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/news-subscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/news-unsubscribe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-segment-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-segment-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-transform.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-type-auto-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-type-cusp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-type-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-type-symmetric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-flip-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-flip-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-order-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-order-front.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-order-lower.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-order-raise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-rotate-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-rotate-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-rows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-ungroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-area.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-bar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-line-percentage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-line-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-pie.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-polar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-ring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/office-chart-scatter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/overflow-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/page-2sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/page-3sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/page-4sides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/page-simple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-clip-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-effect-parameter-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-mask-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-mode-polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-reverse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-simplify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/player-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/plugins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/preflight-verifier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/process-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/project-development-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/project-development-new-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/project-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/quickopen-class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/quickopen-file.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/quickopen-function.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/quickopen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/redeyes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/resource-calendar-child.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/resource-calendar-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/resource-group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/roll.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build-clean.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build-file.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build-install-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build-prune.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/select-rectangular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/shapes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/sharpenimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/show-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/show-node-handles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/show-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/show-path-outline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-grid-guide-intersections.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-guideline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-cusp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-intersection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-nodes-smooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-orthogonal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-text-baseline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/sort-presence.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/speaker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/state-fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/story-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-butt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-square.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-join-bevel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-join-miter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-join-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-to-path.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/svn-commit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/svn-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/system-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tab-detach.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tab-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tab-new-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tab-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/task-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/taxes-finances.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-field.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-flow-into-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-frame-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-frame-unlink.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-speak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-unflow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text-wrap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_horz_kern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_letter_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_line_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_remove_kerns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_rotation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_vert_kern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_word_spacing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tool-animator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tool-measure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tool-spray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tool-tweak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-check-spelling.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-erase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-media-optical-format.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-report-bug.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-rip-video-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools-wizard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-crop-and-resize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-crop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-move-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-move-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-rotate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-scale.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-shear-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/trash-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/trim-margins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/trim-to-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/upload-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/user-group-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/user-group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/user-group-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/user-others.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-bank-account-checking.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-bank-account-savings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-bank-account.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-bank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-barcode-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-barcode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-agenda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-birthday.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-month.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-time-spent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-timeline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-week.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-catalog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-categories-expenditures.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-categories-incomes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-categories.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-export-secret.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-export-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-export.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-import.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-server-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-certificate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-file-columns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-filter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-form-action.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-form.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-fullscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-grid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-hidden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-left-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-list-details.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-list-icons.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-list-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-list-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-equalizer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-lyrics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-title.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-visualization.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-multiple-objects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-object-histogram-linear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-refresh.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-restore.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-right-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-right-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-sidetree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-sort-ascending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-sort-descending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-split-left-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-split-top-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-statistics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-task-child.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-time-schedule-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/virtual-desktops.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/window-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/window-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/window-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/xml-attribute-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/xml-element-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/xml-node-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/xml-node-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/xml-text-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/y-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-in-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-original.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-out-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-out-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/acrobat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/address-book-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-left-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-right-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-horizontal-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-top-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/application-exit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/application-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/appointment-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/archive-extract.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/archive-insert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/archive-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/autocorrection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/bookmark-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/bookmark-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/bordertool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/call-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/call-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/collapse-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/color-management.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/color-picker-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/color-picker-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/color-picker-white.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/colors-chromablue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/colors-chromagreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/colors-chromared.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/colors-luma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/compass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/cursor-cross.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/dialog-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/dialog-messages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/dialog-ok-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-edit-decrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-edit-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-edit-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-export.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-import.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-new-from-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-open-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-preview-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-print-direct.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-revert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-save-as.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-save.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/document-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/edit-delete-shred.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/edit-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/edit-redo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/edit-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/edit-undo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/expand-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/flashlight-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/flashlight-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/folder-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/folder-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gnumeric-format-halign-distributed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-distributed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-justify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-down-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-first.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-jump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-last.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-next-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-parent-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-previous-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-up-skip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/go-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/help-about.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/help-whatsthis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-attachment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-deleted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-encrypted-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-forwarded-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-invitation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-mark-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-mark-junk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-mark-notjunk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-mark-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-mark-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-mark-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-message-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-message-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-queue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-reply-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-reply-custom-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-reply-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-reply-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-reply-sender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-send.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-signature-unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-signed-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-signed-part.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-signed-verified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-tagged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-thread-watch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-eject.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-playback-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-playback-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-playback-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-playlist-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-playlist-repeat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-playlist-shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-record.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-repeat-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-seek-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-seek-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-skip-backward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-skip-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/multiple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/object-order-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/object-order-front.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/object-order-lower.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/object-order-raise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/overflow-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/percent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/qa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-log-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-reboot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-save-session.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-shutdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-suspend-hibernate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-suspend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-switch-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/system-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/taxes-finances.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/tools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/trim-margins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/trim-to-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-barcode-qr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-filter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-left-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-list-details.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-list-icons.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-list-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-list-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-refresh.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-right-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-right-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-sort-ascending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-sort-ascending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-sort-descending-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-sort-descending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/view-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/window-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-1-to-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-2-to-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-fit-best.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-fit-height.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-fit-width.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-next.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-original.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-previous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/64/media-default-album.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/64/media-default-track.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/list-remove-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-down-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-up-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/process-stop-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/animations/16/process-working.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/animations/22/process-working.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-ada-lovelace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-alice-in-wonderland.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-grace-hopper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-leonardo-da-vinci.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-mahatma-gandhi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-man.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-mowgli.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/128/user-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/car.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/hands-free.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/hifi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/portable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/applets-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.ktpcontactlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.latte.plasmoid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.muonnotifier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.analogclock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.battery.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.binaryclock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.calculator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.colorpicker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.comic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.devicenotifier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.digitalclock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.fifteenpuzzle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.fuzzyclock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.icontasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kicker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickoff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.pager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.quicklaunch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.cpu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskactivity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskusage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.memory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.net.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemtray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.taskmanager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.timer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.userswitcher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.vault.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.volume.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.windowlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clear-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clear-wind-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clear-wind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clouds-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clouds-wind-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clouds-wind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-clouds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-wind-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-wind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-freezing-rain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-hail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-many-clouds-wind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-many-clouds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-mist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-none-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-showers-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-showers-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-showers.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-snow-rain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-snow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-storm-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-storm-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-storm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-rotate-ccw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-rotate-cw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-rotate-flip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-rotate-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-sbs-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-sbs-sright.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-shutd-laptop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/osd-shutd-screen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-blur.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-contrast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-coverswitch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-cubeslide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-desktopgrid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-dialog-parent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-diminactive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-dimscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fadedesktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fallapart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-highlightwindow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-invert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-kscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-login.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-logout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-magiclamp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-magnifier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-maximize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-mouseclick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-mousemark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-presentwindows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-resize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-scale-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-screenedge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-screenshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-showfps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-showpaint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slideback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slidingpopups.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-startupfeedback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-thumbnailaside.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-trackmouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-translucency.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-windowaperture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-wobblywindows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/hotspot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/kate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/kwrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/plasmavault.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/system-file-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/system-help.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/umbrello.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/virt-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/akregator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/elisa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/homerun.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/hotspot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/kate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/kde.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/kwrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/plasma-browser-integration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/plasmavault.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/system-file-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/system-help.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/umbrello.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/virt-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/vlc.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/hotspot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/hwinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/kate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/kwrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/plasmavault.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/system-file-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/system-help.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/systemsettings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/umbrello.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/utilities-log-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/vlc.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/yast-sw_single.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/yast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/2048.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/NoMachine-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/QMPlay2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/QOwnNotes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/QtProject-designer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/abiword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accerciser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accessories-calculator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accessories-character-map.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accessories-dictionary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accessories-ebook-reader.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/acroread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/akregator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/alienarena.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/almanah.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/amazon-store.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/anatine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/android-file-transfer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/android-sdk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/android-studio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/anjuta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ao-app.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/application-x-clementine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/applications-office.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/applications-system.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/aptana.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ardour.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ark.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/artikulate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/assistant.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/atom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/audacious.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/audacity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/author.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/babe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/banshee.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/baobab.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bitcoin128.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bittorrent-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bitwarden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bleachbit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/blender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/blinken.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/blogilo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bluefish.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bluegriffon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bluetooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bomber.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bomi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bovo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/brackets.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/braindump.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/breeze-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/builder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/caffeine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calamares.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calibre-ebook-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calibre-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligrakrita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cantata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cantor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ccc_large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cervisia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cheese.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/chess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/choqok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/chrome-knipolnnllmklapflnccelgolnpehhpl-Default.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/chromium-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/claws-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/clazy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cmake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/code.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/codeblocks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.github.cassidyjames.palette.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/converseen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/copy-com.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/copyq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/crow-translate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cs-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cuttlefish.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/darktable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dconf-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/deadbeef.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/deja-dup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/deluge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/devhelp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dia.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/diaspora.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/diffuse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/digikam.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dino.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/discord.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/disk-usage-analyzer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/disk-utility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/distributor-logo-debian.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/distributor-logo-manjaro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/document-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dots.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dragonplayer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dropbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/easystroke.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/easytag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/eclipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/eeschema.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ekiga.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/electron-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/elisa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/enpass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/evernote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/evince.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/evolution.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/exaile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/falkon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fbmessenger.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fceux.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/feedindicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ffmulticonverter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/filezilla.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fingerprint-gui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firewall-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/flameshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/flareget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/flow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fluid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fluxgui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fontforge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/four-in-a-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/franz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/freemind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/frogr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/frostwire.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/fusion-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gbrainy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gcompris-qt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gconf-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gdebi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gdm-xnest.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/geary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ghex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gimp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/git-cola.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/git-gui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gitg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/github-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gitter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gksu-root-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/glabels-3.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/glade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-abrt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-appfolders-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-balsa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-boxes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-break-timer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-characters.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-disks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-do.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-gmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-help.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-info.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-klotski.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-lockscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-logo-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mastermind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mpv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-nibbles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-pie.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-power-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-power-statistics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-ppp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-robots.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-schedule.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-sound-recorder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-subtitles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-taquin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-tetravex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-todo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-tweak-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-twitch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-twofactorauth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-wm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnumeric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-facebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-flickr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-foursquare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-google.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-msn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-owncloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-pocket.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-account-ubuntusso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goa-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goodvibes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-chrome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-drive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-play-music-desktop-player.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-play-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-tasks-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gparted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gpick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/granatier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/grub-customizer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gtk3-icon-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gtk3-widget-factory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gtkhash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/guake-prefs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/guake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gwenview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/haguichi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/handbrake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/harmony.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/heaptrack.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hexchat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hipchat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hitori.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/homebank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/homerun.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hotspot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hp-logo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/htop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hwinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/im.vector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/image-magick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/imagewriter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/inkscape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/input-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/input-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/input-tablet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/instagram.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/insync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/internet-chat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/internet-web-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/irccloud-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/jdownloader.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/jockey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/juk.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/k3b.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kaffeine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kajongg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kaku.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kalarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kalgebra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kalzium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kamoso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kanagram.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kapman.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kapptemplate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/karbon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/katomic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kbackup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kbibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kblackbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kblocks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kblogger.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kbounce.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kbreakout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kbruch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kcachegrind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kde-frameworks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kde-im-log-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdeapp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdeconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdenlive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdesrc-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdesvn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdevelop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdf.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdiamond.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdiff3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kdots.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keepass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keepassxc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keurocalc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kexi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keybase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kfind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kfloppy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kfontview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kfourinline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kgeography.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kgoldrunner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kgpg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kgraphviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/khangman.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kig.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kigo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/killbots.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kimagemapeditor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kipi-dngconverter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kipi-expoblending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kipi-panorama.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kiriki.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kirogi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kiten.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kjumpingcube.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kleopatra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/klettres.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/klickety.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/klines.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/klipper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmahjongg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmenuedit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmines.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmouth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmplayer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmplot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmymoney.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/knavalbattle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/knetattach.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/knetwalk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/knights.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/knotes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kolf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kollision.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kolourpaint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/konqueror.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/konquest.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kontact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/konversation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kopete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/korg-todo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kpat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kphotoalbum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krdc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krename.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kreversi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krfb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kronometer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kruler.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krusader_root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krusader_user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kshisen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ksirk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ksnakeduel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ksnapshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kspaceduel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ksquares.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kstars.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ksudoku.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kteatime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ktip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ktnef.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ktorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ktouch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ktuberling.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kturtle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kube-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kubrick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kuiviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kuser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kvantum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwalletmanager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwave.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwordquiz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kxstitch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/labplot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lastpass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/latexila.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/latte-dock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ldview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/leocad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/leonflix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lightsoff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/linguist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/livepatch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/livewallpaper-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/livewallpaper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/logisim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lokalize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lollypop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lookit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lskat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/lyricfier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mail-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mailspring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/manjaro-architect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/marble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/massif-visualizer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/masterpdfeditor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mate-inhibit-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mate-panel-separator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mathematica.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/matlab.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mega.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/meld.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mellowplayer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mendeleydesktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/milkytracker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/minetime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/minitube.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/minuet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mixxx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/motrix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mpv.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mstdn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mullvad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/multimedia-photo-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/multimedia-video-player.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/multimedia-volume-control.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mumble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/muon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/muondiscover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/museeks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/museeq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mynotes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/network-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nitroshare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nixnote2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nm-device-wireless.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ntfs-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nutstore.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nylas.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/obs.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ocrfeeder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/octave.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/odrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/office-address-book.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/okteta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/okular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/onboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/openbazaar2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/openbravo-erp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/opera-developer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/opera.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gabmus.gnome-feeds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Books.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Eolie.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Firmware.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Fractal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Gtranslator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.IconPreview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Keysign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Maps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.OfficeRunner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.PasswordSafe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Photos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Podcasts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Polari.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.SimpleScan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Todo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Usage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.design.BannerViewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.design.Contrast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.design.IconLibrary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.dfeet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.font-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/owncloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/palapeli.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pan.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/parley.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/password-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pcbcalculator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/peek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/persepolis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/phonon-gstreamer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/photolayoutseditor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pia-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/picmi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pitivi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/planetkde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/planwork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plasma-media-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plasma-mobile-phone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plasmagik.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plasmavault.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/popcorn-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pragha.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-display.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-locale.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-login.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-notifications.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-privacy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-sharing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system-windows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/printer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pushbullet-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/q4wine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qbittorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qdbusviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qelectrotech.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qgo.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qmmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qnapi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qomp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qtcreator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qtpass-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/quadrapassel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/quassel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/quiterss.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qupzilla.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/r.svg    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/radiotray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rambox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rclonetray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/recipes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rekonq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/remmina.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rescuetime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rhythmbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/riot-web.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rocketchat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rocs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rosegarden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rsibreak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rto-proxy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/safeeyes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sage-notebook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/screencloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/scribus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/seafile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/seahorse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sheets.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/shotwell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/showfoto.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/shutter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/signal-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/skanlite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/skrooge-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/skrooge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/skype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/slack.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/smartgit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/smb4k.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/smplayer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/smtube.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/solaar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/spotify-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/stage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/steadyflow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/steam.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/step.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/strawberry.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/stremio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sublime-merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sublime-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sublime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/subtitlecomposer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sweeper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/swell-foop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/symboleditor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/synapse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/syncthing-gtk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/synergy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/synfig_icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/syspeek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-file-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-help.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-shutdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-software-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-software-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-suspend-hibernate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-suspend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/systemsettings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/teamviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/telegram.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/telepathy-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/tellico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/thermal-monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/thunderbird.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/tomahawk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/tor-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/transmission.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/trimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/truecrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ubiquity-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ubiquity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/uget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/umbrello.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/unetbootin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/usb-creator-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-energy-monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-log-viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-system-monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-tweak-tool-alt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/variety.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/veracrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/viber.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vim.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/virt-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/virtualbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vivaldi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vk.svg   termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vlc.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vokoscreen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vpnui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wayland.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/webtorrent-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wechat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/whatsapp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/whatsie.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wire.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wiznote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/words.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/workspace-switcher-top-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xchat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xmind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xnview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xorg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xterm-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xterm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yakuake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yandex-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yandex-disk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yast-installation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yast-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yast-sw_single.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yast-upgrade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/youtube.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/zanshin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/zeal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/zim.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/diaspora.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/hotspot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/kate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/kwrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/plasmavault.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/sharedlib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/system-file-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/umbrello.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/utilities-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/application-x-executable-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/goa-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/help-browser-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/help-contents-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/help-faq-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-color-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-details-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-devices-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-network-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-search-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-system-time-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/preferences-ubuntu-panel-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/symbolic/user-info-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-education-language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-education-mathematics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-education-science.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-education.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-engineering.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-internet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-multimedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-office.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-science.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-utilities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/audio-input-microphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/audio-radio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/battery-ups.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/camera-photo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/camera-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/computer-laptop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/computer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-harddisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-multidisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-multipartition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/input-keyboard-virtual.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/input-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/input-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/input-tablet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/input-touchpad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-flash-memory-stick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-optical-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-optical-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-optical-recordable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-optical-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-optical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-bluetooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-modem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-rj11-female.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-rj45-female.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-vpn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wired-activated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wired-unavailable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-connected-00.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-connected-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-connected-25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-connected-50.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-connected-75.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/smartphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/tablet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/uav-quadcopter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/audio-card.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/audio-headphones.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/audio-headset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/audio-input-microphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/audio-radio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/battery-ups.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/camera-photo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/camera-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/camera-web.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/computer-laptop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/computer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-harddisk-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-harddisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-multidisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-multipartition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/input-keyboard-virtual.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/input-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/input-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/input-tablet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/input-touchpad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-flash-memory-stick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-optical-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-optical-recordable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-bluetooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-modem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-rj11-female.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-rj45-female.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-vpn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wired-activated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wired-unavailable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless-connected-00.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless-connected-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless-connected-25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless-connected-50.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless-connected-75.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/smartphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/tablet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/uav-quadcopter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/video-television.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/audio-card.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/audio-headphones.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/battery.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/camera-photo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/camera-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/camera-web.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/computer-laptop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/computer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/cpu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-harddisk-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-harddisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-multidisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-multipartition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-partition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/input-gaming.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/input-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/input-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/input-tablet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/input-touchpad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-flash-memory-stick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical-blu-ray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical-dvd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical-recordable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-optical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/multimedia-player.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/network-card.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/network-rj11-female.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/network-rj45-female.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/printer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/scanner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/smartphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/video-display.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/video-television.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-card-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-headset-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/auth-sim-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/auth-smartcard-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/battery-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/bluetooth-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-photo-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-video-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/camera-web-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/computer-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/display-brightness-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/display-projector-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-optical-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-gaming-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-mouse-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-tablet-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-flash-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-floppy-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-optical-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-removable-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-tape-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/media-zip-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/modem-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/network-cellular-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/network-wireless-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/pda-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/phone-old-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/phone-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/printer-network-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/printer-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/scanner-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/thunderbolt-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/tv-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/video-display-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/video-joined-displays-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/video-single-display-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-added.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-checked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-mounted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-question.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-shared.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-unmounted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-available-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-downgrade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-install-auto.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-installed-outdated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-reinstall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-remove-auto.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-upgrade-auto.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-upgrade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/rating-unrated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/rating.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-added.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-removed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-added.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-checked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-mounted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-question.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-shared.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-unmounted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/rating-unrated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/rating.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-added.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-removed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-added.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-checked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-mounted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-question.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-readonly.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-shared.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-symbolic-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-unavailable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-unmounted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/rating-unrated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/rating.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-added.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-conflicting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-locally-modified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-removed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/vcs-update-required.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/drink-beer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/drink-martini.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-angel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-angry.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-clown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-confused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-cool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-crying.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-devilish.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-embarrassed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-glasses.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-hug-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-hug-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-in-love.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-kiss.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-laughing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-ninja.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-pirate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-quiet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-raspberry.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-sad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-sick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-sleeping.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-smile-big.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-smile-grin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-smile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-smirk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-surprise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-uncertain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-wink.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-worried.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/face-yawn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22/food-cake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/index.theme      termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/android-package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-atom+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-certificate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-dicom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-epub+zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-illustrator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-json.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msonenote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msoutlook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msword-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-msword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-octet-stream.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-postscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-access.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.visio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-arc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-arj.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-blender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-bzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cd-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-chm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-deb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-designer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-afm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-bdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-type1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzpostscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-java-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kplato.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kvtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lyx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lzop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-m4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-macbinary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-marble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-partial-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pem-key.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-perl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-php.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-rdata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-ruby.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sharedlib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-skg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-skgc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-srt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tarz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tzo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xliff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-zerosize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xmind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-midi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-wav.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-gif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-jpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-png.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-tiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.dgn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.djvu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.dwg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-adobe-dng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-tga.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/message-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/message-partial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/message-rfc822.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/package-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-css.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-csv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-dockerfile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-wiki.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-adasrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-apport.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-authors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-c++hdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-c++src.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-changelog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-chdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-cmake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-csrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-go.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-haskell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-hex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-kotlin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-lua.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-pascal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-patch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-po.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-python.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-qml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-r.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-rpm-spec.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-scala.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-tcl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-tex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-texinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-webm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-matroska.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-theora+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-hdd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-ova.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-ovf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vdi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vmdk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-media-podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-contact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/android-package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-atom+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-certificate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-dicom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-epub+zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-illustrator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-json.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-msonenote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-msoutlook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-msword-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-msword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-octet-stream.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-postscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-access.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.visio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-ace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-ar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-arc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-arj.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-blender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-cd-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-cda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-chm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-deb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-designer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-afm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-bdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-type1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzpostscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-java-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kplato.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kvtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-lyx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-lzop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-m4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-macbinary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-marble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-partial-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-pem-key.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-perl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-php.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-rdata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-ruby.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-sharedlib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-skg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-skgc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-srt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-tarz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-tzo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-xliff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-zerosize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-xmind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-midi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-mpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-wav.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-gif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-jpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-png.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-tiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.dgn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.djvu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.dwg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-adobe-dng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-tga.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/message-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/message-partial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/message-rfc822.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/package-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-css.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-csv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-dockerfile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-wiki.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-adasrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-apport.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-authors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-c++hdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-c++src.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-changelog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-chdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-cmake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-csrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-go.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-haskell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-hex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-kotlin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-lua.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-pascal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-patch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-po.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-python.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-qml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-r.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-rpm-spec.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-scala.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-tcl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-tex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-texinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-webm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-matroska.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-theora+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-hdd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-ova.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-ovf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vdi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vmdk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-media-podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-contact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/android-package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-atom+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-certificate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-dicom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-epub+zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-illustrator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-json.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-msonenote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-msoutlook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-msword-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-msword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-octet-stream.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-postscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-access.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.visio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-ace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-ar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-arc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-arj.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-blender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-cd-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-cda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-chm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-deb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-designer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-afm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-bdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-type1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzpostscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-java-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kplato.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kvtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-lyx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-lzop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-m4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-macbinary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-marble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-partial-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-pem-key.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-perl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-php.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-ruby.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-sharedlib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-skg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-skgc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-srt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-tarz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-tzo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-xliff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-zerosize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-xmind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-midi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-mpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-wav.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-gif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-jpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-png.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-tiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.dgn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.djvu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.dwg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-adobe-dng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-tga.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/message-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/message-partial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/message-rfc822.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/package-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-css.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-csv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-dockerfile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-wiki.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-adasrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-apport.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-authors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-c++hdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-c++src.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-changelog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-chdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-cmake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-csrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-go.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-haskell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-hex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-kotlin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-lua.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-pascal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-patch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-po.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-python.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-qml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-r.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-rpm-spec.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-scala.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-tcl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-tex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-texinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-webm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-matroska.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-theora+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-hdd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-ova.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-ovf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vdi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vmdk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-media-podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-contact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/android-package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-atom+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-certificate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-dicom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-epub+zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-illustrator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-json.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-msonenote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-msoutlook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-msword-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-msword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-octet-stream.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-postscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-access.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.visio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-ace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-ar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-arc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-arj.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-bittorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-blender.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-cd-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-cda.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-chm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-deb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-designer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-afm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-bdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-type1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzpostscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kplato.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kvtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-labplot2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-lyx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-lzop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-m4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-macbinary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-marble.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-partial-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-pem-key.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-perl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-php.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-python-bytecode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-ruby.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-sharedlib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-skg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-skgc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-srt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-tarz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-tzo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-xliff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-zerosize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-xmind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-zip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-midi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-wav.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-gif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-png.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-tiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.dgn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.djvu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.dwg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-adobe-dng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-tga.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/message-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/message-partial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/message-rfc822.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/package-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-css.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-csv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-dockerfile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-wiki.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-adasrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-apport.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-authors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++hdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++src.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-changelog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-chdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-cmake.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-csrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-go.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-haskell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-hex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-kotlin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-lua.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-pascal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-patch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-po.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-python.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-qml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-r.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-rpm-spec.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-sass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-scala.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-tcl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-tex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-texinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-webm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-generic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-matroska.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-theora+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-hdd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-ova.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-ovf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vdi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vmdk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-media-podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-address-book.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-contact.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-office-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-brown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-cloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-cyan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-gdrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-magenta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-network.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-orange.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-pictures.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-temp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-templates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-videos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-violet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/mail-folder-inbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/mail-folder-outbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/mail-folder-sent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/mail-message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/network-server-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/network-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/user-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/user-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/user-trash-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/user-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-brown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-cloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-cyan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-gdrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-magenta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-network.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-orange.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-pictures.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-temp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-templates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-videos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-violet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/mail-folder-inbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/mail-folder-outbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/mail-message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/network-server-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/network-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/user-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/user-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/user-trash-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/user-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-bookmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-brown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-cloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-cyan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-gdrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-image-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-magenta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-network.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-orange.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-pictures.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-temp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-templates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-videos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-violet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/network-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/user-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/user-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/user-trash-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/user-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-black.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-blue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-bookmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-brown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-cloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-cyan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-decrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-gdrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-green.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-image-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-important.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-magenta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-network.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-orange.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-pictures.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-publicshare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-root.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-temp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-templates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-videos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-violet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-yellow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/network-workgroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/start-here-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/user-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/user-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/user-trash-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/user-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-documents-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-download-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-music-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-remote-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-templates-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-videos-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/network-server-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/start-here-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/user-desktop-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/user-home-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/user-trash-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/device-notifier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/plasma-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/podcast-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-activities.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-display.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-effects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-filter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-icons.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-locale.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-navigation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-thunderbolt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-devices-cpu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-devices-drive-optical-check.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-devices-printer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-devices-scanner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-devices-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-gtk-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-kde-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-log.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-releasenotes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-security-apparmor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-security-firewall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-security-kerberos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-security.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-backup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-linux.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-login.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-iscsi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-nis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ntp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-boot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-dhcp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-dns.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-ftp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-installation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-iscsi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-kerberos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-ldap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-nis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-share-windows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-slp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-web.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-share-windows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-vpn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-wakeonlan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-power-management.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-session-services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-splash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-startup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-user-sudo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-container.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-migrate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-adblock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/system-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/window-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-autoyast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-disk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-software-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-sw_source.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-ready.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-000-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-010-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-010.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-020-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-020.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-030-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-030.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-040-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-040.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-050-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-050.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-060-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-060.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-070-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-070.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-080-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-080.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-090-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-090.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-100-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-missing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/camera-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/camera-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/camera-ready.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/dialog-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/firewall-applet-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/firewall-applet-panic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/firewall-applet-shields_up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/firewall-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/input-caps-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/kdeconnect-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/media-playback-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/media-playback-playing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/media-playback-stopped.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/mic-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/mic-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/mic-ready.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/security-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/security-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/security-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/state-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/QMPlay2-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ac-adapter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/account-logged-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/airplane-mode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/akonaditray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/anatine-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/anatine-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/antimicro-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ao-app-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/application-running.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audacious-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-ready.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-volume-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-volume-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-volume-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/audio-volume-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/autokey-status-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/autokey-status.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/banshee-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-000-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-010-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-010.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-020-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-020.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-030-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-030.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-040-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-040.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-050-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-050.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-060-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-060.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-070-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-070.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-080-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-080.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-090-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-090.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-100-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-missing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/bitcoin-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/bitwarden-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/bomi-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/bomi-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-10.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-11.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-9.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-connecting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/btsync-gui-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/caffeine-cup-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/caffeine-cup-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/calibre-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/camera-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/camera-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/camera-ready.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cantata-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/caps-lock-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/caps-lock-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cisco-tray-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/classicmenu-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/clementine-panel-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/clementine-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/clipboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-insync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-sync8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copy-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copyq-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/copyq-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/crow-translate-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cryptfolder-open-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/deadbeef-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/deluge-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dialog-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dialog-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dialog-password.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dialog-positive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dialog-question.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dialog-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dino-status-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dino-status-chat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dino-status-dnd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dino-status-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/diodon-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/discord-tray-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/discord-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/disk-quota-critical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/disk-quota-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/disk-quota-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/disk-quota.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/disper-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dropboxstatus-blank.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dropboxstatus-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dropboxstatus-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dropboxstatus-logo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dropboxstatus-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/electron-mail-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/everpad-mono.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/exaile-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/exaile-play.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/face-smile-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-pinyin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-rime-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-skk-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-wubi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/firewall-applet-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/firewall-applet-panic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/firewall-applet-shields_up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/firewall-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/flameshot-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/flareget-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fluxgui-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fluxgui-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/franz-attention-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/franz-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/fusion-icon-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gitter-indicator-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gitter-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gmail-tray-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gmail-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gnote-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/goldendict-scan-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/goldendict-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/google-chrome-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/google-chrome-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/google-hangouts-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/google-music-manager-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gpmdp-tray-play.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gpmdp-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/grive-app-ind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/gtg-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/guake-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/guitarix-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/haguichi-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/haguichi-connecting-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/haguichi-connecting-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/haguichi-connecting-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/haguichi-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hangouts-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hangouts-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hangouts-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hangouts-working.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/harmony-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hexchat-highlight.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hexchat-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hipchat4-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hipchat4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/hp-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ic_light_enpass.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/im-skype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-cpufreq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-feedindicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-fortune.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-lunar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-messages-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-messages-red.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-messages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-privacy-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-battery.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-case.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-chip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-disk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-fan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sensors-memory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-sound-switcher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-stardate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-trashindicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-virtual-box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/indicator-workspaces-8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/input-caps-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/input-touchpad-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/input-touchpad-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-action.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-feed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/insync-syncing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/kaku-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/kazam-countdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/kazam-stopped.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/kdeconnect-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/keepassx-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/keepassx-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/keepassxc-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/keepassxc-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/keepassxc-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/keybase-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/knemo-monitor-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/knemo-monitor-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/knemo-monitor-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/knemo-monitor-receive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/krb-expiring-ticket.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/krb-valid-ticket.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/laptop-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/laptop-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/laptop-trusted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/livewallpaper-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/lookit-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/lyricfier-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mailspring-tray-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mailspring-tray-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/media-playback-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/media-playback-playing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/media-playback-stopped.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/megasync-status-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/megasync-status-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/megasync-status-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/megasync-status-syncing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mellowplayer-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/messenger-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/messenger-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mic-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mic-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mic-ready.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/minetime-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mini-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mintupdate-checking.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mintupdate-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mintupdate-installing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mintupdate-updates-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/motrix-tray-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/motrix-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mstdn-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mullvadg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mullvadr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mullvady.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mumble-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/museeks-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/museeq-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/museeq-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/mynotes-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wired.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-acquiring.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-connected-00.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-connected-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-connected-25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-connected-50.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-connected-75.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nitroshare-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nixnote2-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nomachine-disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nomachine-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/notification-new-symbolic.svg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/notification-symbolic.svg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/num-lock-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/num-lock-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nutstore-offline-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nutstore-oops-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nutstore-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nutstore-paused-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nutstore-synchronized-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nutstore-synchronizing-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nylas-tray-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/nylas-tray-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/obs-tray-active.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/obs-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/octopi-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/octopi-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/octopi-info.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/odrive-tray-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/odrive-tray-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/odrive-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/onboard-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/openbazaar-system-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/optimus-tray-intel-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/optimus-tray-intel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/optimus-tray-nvidia-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/optimus-tray-nvidia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/persepolis-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pia_tray_connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pia_tray_connecting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pia_tray_disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pithos-tray-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pithos-tray-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-start-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pomodoro-stop-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/popcorntime-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pragha-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/prime-intel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/prime-nvidia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/process-syncing-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/process-syncing-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/process-syncing-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/process-syncing-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/process-syncing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/process-working.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/psensor_hot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/psensor_normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qbittorrent-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qelectrotech-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qjoypad-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qnapi-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qomp-pause-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qomp-play-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qomp-stop-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtox-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtox-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtox-event.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtox-invisible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtox-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtox-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/qtpass-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/quota.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/radiotray_connecting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/radiotray_off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/radiotray_on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rambox-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rambox-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rclonetray-connected-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rclonetray-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/redshift-status-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/redshift-status-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/remmina-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/remote-folder-sync-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/remote-folder-sync-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/remote-folder-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rescuetime-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rescuetime-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rhythmbox-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/riot-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-9.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rocketchat-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/rto-proxy-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/safeeyes_disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/safeeyes_enabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/screencloud-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/screencloud-uploading.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/scroll-lock-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/scroll-lock-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/scudcloud-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/scudcloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/security-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/security-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/security-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/sflphone-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/shutter-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-10.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-11.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-9.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/si-syncthing-unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/signal-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-away-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-connected-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-connecting-0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-connecting-1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-disturb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-hidden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-offline-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/skype-status-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/slack-indicator-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/slack-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/smartcode-stremio-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/smartphone-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/smartphone-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/smartphone-trusted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/smplayer-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/solaar-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/solaar-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/spotify-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-sync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/state-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/steadyflow-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/steam_tray_mono.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/strawberry-panel-grey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/strawberry-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/stremio-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/synapse-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/synergy-panel-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/synergy-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-10.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-20.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-30.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-40.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-50.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-60.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-70.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-80.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/syspeek-90.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/system-devices-panel-alert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/system-devices-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/system-file-manager-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/tablet-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/tablet-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/tablet-trusted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teams-for-linux-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/teamviewer-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/telegram-attention-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/telegram-mute-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/telegram-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/thunderbird-attention-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/thunderbird-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/tomahawk-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/transmission-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/transmission-tray-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/trimage-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/twitch-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ubuntuone-client-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/uget-tray-default.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/uget-tray-downloading.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/uget-tray-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/uninstall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/update-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/update-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/update-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/update-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/variety-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/veracrypt-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/viber-normal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/viber-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/video-card-inactive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/virt-manager-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/vivaldi-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/vk-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/vlc-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-clear-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-clouds-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-clouds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-few-clouds-night.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-few-clouds.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-fog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-freezing-rain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-none-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-overcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-severe-alert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-showers-scattered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-showers.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-snow-rain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-snow-scattered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-snow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-storm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/weather-windy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/wechat-tray-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/wechat-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/whatsapp-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/whatsie-tray-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/whatsie-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/wire-tray-attention.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/wire-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/wiznote-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/xchat-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/y-ppa-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yate-tray-incomingcall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yate-tray-incomingchat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yate-tray-info.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yate-tray-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yate-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yd-busy1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yd-ind-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yd-ind-idle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/yd-ind-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/youtube-indicator-light.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/zeal-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/zeal-tray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/zim-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/24/media-playback-paused.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/24/media-playback-playing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/24/media-playback-stopped.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-000-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-010-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-010.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-020-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-020.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-030-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-030.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-040-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-040.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-050-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-050.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-060-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-060.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-070-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-070.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-080-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-080.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-090-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-090.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-100-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-100.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-missing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/dialog-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/dialog-information.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/dialog-password.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/dialog-positive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/dialog-question.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/dialog-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/security-high.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/security-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/64/security-medium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/alarm-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/avatar-default-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-caution-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-empty-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-full-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-good-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-0-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-10-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-100-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-20-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-30-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-40-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-50-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-60-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-70-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-80-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-level-90-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-low-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/battery-missing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/call-incoming-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/call-missed-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/camera-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/capslock-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/capslock-enabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/changes-allow-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/channel-secure-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/checkbox-checked-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/checkbox-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/computer-fail-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/daytime-sunset-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-error-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-information-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-password-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-question-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/display-brightness-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/find-location-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/folder-open-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/folder-visiting-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/gser-icon-playing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/gser-icon-stopped-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/image-loading-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/location-services-active-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/location-services-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/mail-read-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/mail-replied-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/mail-unread-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/my-caffeine-off-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/my-caffeine-on-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-error-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-idle-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-receive-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-transmit-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-vpn-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/night-light-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/non-starred-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/numlock-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/numlock-enabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/orientation-landscape-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/printer-error-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/printer-printing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/printer-warning-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/radio-checked-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/radio-mixed-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/radio-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/screen-shared-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/security-high-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/security-low-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/security-medium-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/software-update-available-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/starred-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/task-due-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/task-past-due-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/touch-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-available-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-away-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-busy-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-idle-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-invisible-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-offline-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-clear-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-fog-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-showers-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-snow-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-storm-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-tornado-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/weather-windy-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/CVnamespace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/Info-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/accept_time_event.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/action-rss_tag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/activity-fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/actor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/add-placemark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/addressbook-details.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/adress-book-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-importdir.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-importimages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/albumfolder-user-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_clock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_lyrics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_playcount.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/amarok_scripts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/animation-stage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/answer-correct.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/answer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/approved.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/artistictext-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/auto-scale-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/auto-scale-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/auto-scale-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/beamerblock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/beamerframe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bigskip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmark-add-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmark-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmark-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmark-toolbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bookmarks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/borderpainter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-addqueue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-commit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-diff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-rmqueue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/bqm-update.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/branch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/callout-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cards-block.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cell_edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cell_layout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/checkbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/checkmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/choice-round.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/chronometer-lap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/chronometer-reset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/chronometer-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/class-or-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/clock-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/clock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cloud-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cloud-upload.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/collection-rescan-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/color-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/colormanagement.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/component.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/configure-toolbars.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/configure_kile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/configure_project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/contact-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/convert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/createpath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cross-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/datatype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dblatex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/delete_table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/diag_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/diag_class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/diag_component.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-filters.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-icon-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-memory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-object-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-text-and-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dialog-transform.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dirsync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/displaymathmode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dissociatecell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distortionfx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/distribute-vertical-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-cleanup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-edit-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-equal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-export-ocal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-export-table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-import-ocal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-multiple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-open-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-open-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-print-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-print-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/document-single.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/documentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/documentinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/download-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-ellipse-whole.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dvipdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dvipng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dvips.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/dynamic-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-comment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-delete-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-entry.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-find-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-find-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-find-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-map.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-rename.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-table-delete-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edit-undo-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/editimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/editpath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/edittext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/ellipse-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/emph.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/end_of_life.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/end_state.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/entry-clone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/entry-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/entry-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/enum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/enumerate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/exifinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filegrep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-album-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-artist-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-comment-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-composer-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-genre-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-ignore-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-last-played.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-sample-rate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/filename-year-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/fileview-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/find-location.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/followmouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/font-face.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/font-size-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/font-size-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-fill-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-list-unordered.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/freerotation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-config-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-config-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-config-options.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-config-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/games-endturn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/geany-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/geany-close-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/geany-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gearhead-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/generalisation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/get-hot-new-stuff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-autofilter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-cells-merge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-cells-split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-column-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-column-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-column-hide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-column-size.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-comment-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-format-border-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-format-border-diag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-format-border-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-format-border-rev-diag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-format-border-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-format-border-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-graphguru.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-link-email.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-row-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-row-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-row-hide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-row-size.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-ungroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gnumeric-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-down-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-first-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-first-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-home-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-jump-locationbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-jump-today.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-last-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-last-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-next-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-next-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-previous-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-previous-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/go-up-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gpg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gpgsm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/group-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/group-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-authentication.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-bold.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-cdrom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-disconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-execute.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-floppy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-no.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-quit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/gtk-yes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-contextual.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-ars.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-aud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-cad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-cny.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate-mxn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-donate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-feedback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/help-latex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/hide_table_column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/hide_table_row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/hidemouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/highlight-pointer-spot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-ban-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-irc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/im-jabber.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/imagecomment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/initial_state.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/inpainting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-table-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insert-tableofcontents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/insertcell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/interface.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/internet-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/internet-services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/invertimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/irc-close-channel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/irc-join-channel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/itemize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-hor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-align-vert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-deleffect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-lock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-rects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-select-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-snap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-unlock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kdocumentinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kmousetool_off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kmousetool_on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kmouth-phrase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/knotes_alarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/knotes_date.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/knotes_delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kontes_close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_jumpback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kr_setjumpback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kruler-north.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kstars_advanced.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kstars_catalog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kstars_colors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kstars_flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kstars_guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-change-tracker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-check-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-info-widget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-plugins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-restore-defaults.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-show-statusbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-speed-limits.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/kt-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/ktnef_extract_to.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/l2h.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/label-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/label.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-transform-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/labplot-zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/languages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lastfm-neighbour.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lastfm-personal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lastfm-recommended.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lastfm-tag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/layer-rename.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/libpeas-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lighttableadd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/list-resource-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/lock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/love.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-deleted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-encrypted-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-forward-attachment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-forwarded.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-queued.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-replied.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-sent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-signed-fully.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-signed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-thread-ignored.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-thread-watch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mail-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/makeidx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mark-location.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/math0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/math1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/math2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/math3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/math7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/math9.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mathmode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-album-cover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-import-audio-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-repeat-single.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-track-add-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-track-edit-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-track-remove-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/media-write-cd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/medskip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/meeting-attending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/menu_new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/message-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/modified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/mpost.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/msgid2msgstr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/multirow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/music-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/new-command-alarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/nocover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-break.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-delete-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-join-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/node-join.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/note.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-group-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-hidden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-back-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-front-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-lower-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-order-raise-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-stroke.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-ungroup-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/object_node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/offline-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/open-for-editing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/output_win.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/page-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/password-generate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/password-show-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/password-show-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-clip-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-mode-bezier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/path-mode-spiro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pattern.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pdf-annotations.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pdflatex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pdftex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pentagon-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/photo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/photos-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/player-volume-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/playlist-generator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/playlist-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/pointer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/polygon-add-nodes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/polygon-merge-nodes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/port.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/postalcode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/practice-setup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/practice-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/practice-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/preferences-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/presence_away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/presence_offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/presence_online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/presence_unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/preview_math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/preview_sel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project-development-close-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project_add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project_archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project_rebuild.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project_remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/project_show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/projectgrep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/ps2pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/qa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quickview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/quickwizard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/randomize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/ratiocrop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/rectangle-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/refactor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/refreshstructure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/region.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/relation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/relationship.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/remove-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/removecell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/resource-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/routeplanning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-clean.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/run-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/scriptnew.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/scriptopen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-lower.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-raise.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/set-language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/settings-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/shallow-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/shape-choose.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/shear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-dialogs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-grid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show_table_column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/show_table_row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/slanted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/smallclock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/smallskip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/snap-bounding-box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/social.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/sort-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/sort_incr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/source-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/source-smart-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/specific-setup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/speedometer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/spiral-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/spreadsheetshape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/star-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/start-over.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/statetool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Controller.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Disk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Graph.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Note.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Particle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Pin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Polygon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Rope.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/step_object_Stick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/sticky_zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/straight-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-bevel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/stroke-cap-miter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/strong.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/structure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/subsystem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-reboot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-save-session.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-upgrade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/system-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tab-close-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tab-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-addressbook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-assigned.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-events.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-places.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-recents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tag-reset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text-convert-to-regular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/text_superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool-measure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool-node-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool-pointer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_cellformatting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_color_picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_ellipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_eraser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_flood_fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_pagelayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_pen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_rect_selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_references.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_review.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/tool_text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-skew-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transform-skew-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/transsearch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbr-message-found.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbr-message-lost.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbr-message-synchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_component.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_state.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/unlock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/upcomingevents-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/usecase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user-identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/usermenu-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/usermenu-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/usermenu-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/verb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/verbatim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/videoclip-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-holiday.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-calendar-workweek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-conversation-balloon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-album-cover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-media-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pages-single.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-contacts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-pim-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-process-all-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-process-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-process-own.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-process-system.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-process-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-process-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-resource-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-task-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-task-child-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view-time-schedule.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/view_fit_to_page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/viewbib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/viewhtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/viewimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/viewlog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/viewpdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/viewps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/visibility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-keep-above.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-keep-below.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-maximize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-minimize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-shade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/window-unshade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/wizard_math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/wizard_pdftools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/wizard_pstools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/wizard_tabular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-album.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-albums.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-clementine-shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-shape-connection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-shape-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-shape-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-shape-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/x-zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/xml-node-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/y-zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-double-size.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-half-size.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-in-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-out-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16/zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/16@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/CVnamespace.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/Info-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/accept_time_event.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/action-rss_tag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/activity-fork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/actor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/add-placemark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/addressbook-details.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/akonadi-phone-home.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-importdir.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-importimages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/albumfolder-user-trash.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_clock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_lyrics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_playcount.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/amarok_scripts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/animation-stage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/answer-correct.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/answer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/approved.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/artistictext-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/auto-scale-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/auto-scale-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/auto-scale-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/beamerblock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/beamerframe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bigskip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmark-add-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmark-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmark-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmark-toolbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bookmarks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/borderpainter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bqm-diff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bqm-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/bqm-rmqueue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/branch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/calligraphy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/callout-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cards-block.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cell_edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cell_layout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/checkbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/checkmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/chronometer-lap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/chronometer-reset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/chronometer-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/class-or-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/clock-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/clock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cloud-download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cloud-upload.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/collection-rescan-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/color-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/colormanagement.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/component.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/composite-track-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/composite-track-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/configure-toolbars.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/configure_kile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/configure_project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/contact-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/containment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/convert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/createpath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cross-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/datatype.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dblatex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/delete-table-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/diag_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/diag_class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/diag_component.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dialog-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dirsync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/displaymathmode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distortionfx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/distribute-vertical-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-edit-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-export-table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-multiple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-open-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-open-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-print-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-print-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/document-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/documentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/documentinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/download-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dvipdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dvipng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dvips.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dvisearch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/dynamic-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-comment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-delete-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-entry.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-find-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-find-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-find-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-link.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-map.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit-rename.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edit_animation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/editimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/editpath.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/edittext.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/ellipse-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/emph.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/end_of_life.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/end_state.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/entry-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/entry-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/enum.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/enumerate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/exifinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/exit_animations.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filegrep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-album-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-artist-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-comment-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-composer-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-genre-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-ignore-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-last-played.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-sample-rate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/filename-year-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/fileview-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/followmouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-fill-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/freerotation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-config-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-config-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-config-options.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-config-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/games-endturn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/geany-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/geany-close-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/geany-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gearhead-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/generalisation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/get-hot-new-stuff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-autofilter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-cells-split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-column-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-column-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-column-hide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-diag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-inside-horiz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-rev-diag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-graphguru.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-link-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-link-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-link-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-link-email.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-row-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-row-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-row-hide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-ungroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gnumeric-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-down-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-first-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-first-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-home-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-jump-locationbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-jump-today.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-last-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-last-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-next-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-next-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-previous-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-previous-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/go-up-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gpg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gpgsm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gradient.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/grid-rectangular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/group-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/group-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-authentication.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-bold.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-cdrom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-disconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-execute.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-floppy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-no.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-quit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/gtk-yes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hand.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/handle-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/handle-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/headphones.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-contents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-contextual.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-donate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-feedback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/help-latex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hide_table_column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hide_table_row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hidemouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-ban-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-irc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/im-jabber.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/imagecomment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/initial_state.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/inpainting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-table-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insert-tableofcontents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/insertcell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/interface.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/internet-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/internet-services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/invertimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-close-channel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/irc-join-channel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/itemize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-hor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-align-vert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-deleffect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-lock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-rects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-select-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-snap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-unlock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kdocumentinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kmousetool_off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kmousetool_on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kmouth-phrase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/knotes_alarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/knotes_date.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/knotes_delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kontes_close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_jumpback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kr_setjumpback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_advanced.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_catalog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_colors.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_flag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_planets.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kstars_xplanet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-change-tracker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-check-data.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-info-widget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-pause.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-plugins.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-restore-defaults.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-show-statusbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-speed-limits.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/kt-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/ktnef_extract_to.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/l2h.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/label-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/label.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-transform-move.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/languages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/latex-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/latex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/libpeas-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lighttableadd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lilypond.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/list-resource-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/lock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/love.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-deleted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-queued.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-sent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-signed-fully.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-signed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-task.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-thread-ignored.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-thread-watch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mail-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/makeidx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/math0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mathmode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/measure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-album-cover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-track-add-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-track-edit-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/media-track-remove-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/medskip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/meeting-attending-tentative.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/meeting-attending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/menu_new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/modified.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/mpost.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/msgid2msgstr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/multirow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/music-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/new-command-alarm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/nocover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-break.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-delete-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-join-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/node-join.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/note.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-group-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-back-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-front-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-lower-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-order-raise-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-ungroup-calligra.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/object_node.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/offline-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/open-for-editing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/output_win.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/page-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/password-generate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/password-show-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/password-show-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-mode-bezier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/path-mode-spiro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pdf-annotations.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pdflatex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pdftex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pentagon-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/photo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/photos-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/player-volume-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/player-volume.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/playlist-generator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/playlist-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/pointer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/polygon-add-nodes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/polygon-merge-nodes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/port.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/postalcode.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/practice-setup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/practice-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/practice-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preferences-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/presence_away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/presence_offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/presence_online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/presence_unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview_math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/preview_sel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project-development-close-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project_add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project_archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project_rebuild.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project_remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/project_show.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/projectgrep.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/ps2pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/qa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quickview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/quickwizard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/randomize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/ratiocrop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/rectangle-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/refactor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/refreshstructure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/region.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/relation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/relationship.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/remove-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/remove.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/removecell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/resource-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/routeplanning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-clean.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/run-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/scriptnew.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/scriptopen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/set-language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/settings-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/shallow-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/shape-choose.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/shear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show_table_column.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/show_table_row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/slanted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/smallclock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/smallfrac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/smallskip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/smartnewline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/snap-bounding-box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/social.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/sort-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/sort_incr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/specific-setup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/speedometer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/spiral-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/spreadsheetshape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/star-shape.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/start-over.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/statetool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Controller.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Disk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Gas.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_GasParticle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Graph.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Meter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Note.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Particle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Pin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Polygon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Rope.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Stick.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/step_object_Tracer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/straight-connector.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-bevel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/stroke-cap-miter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/strong.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/structure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/subsystem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-reboot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-save-session.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-upgrade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/system-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tab-close-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tab-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-addressbook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-assigned.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-events.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-places.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tag-reset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/texcompiler.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-node-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-pointer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_cellformatting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_color_picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_ellipse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_eraser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_flood_fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_free_form_selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_imageeffects.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_pagelayout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_pen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_polyline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_rect_selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_references.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_review.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_spraycan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/tool_text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-skew-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transform-skew-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/transsearch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbr-message-found.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbr-message-lost.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbr-message-synchronous.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_activity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_class.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_component.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_state.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/unlock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/upcomingevents-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/usecase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user-identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/verb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/verbatim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/videoclip-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-holiday.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-calendar-workweek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-conversation-balloon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-album-cover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-favorite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-genre.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-playcount.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-similarartists.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-media-track.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pages-single.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-contacts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-pim-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-process-all-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-process-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-process-own.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-process-system.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-process-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-process-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-resource-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-task-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-task-child-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view-time-schedule.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/view_fit_to_page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewbib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewhtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewlog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewpdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/viewps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/visibility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-keep-above.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-keep-below.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-maximize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-minimize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-shade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/window-unshade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/wizard_math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/wizard_pdftools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/wizard_pstools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/wizard_tabular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-album.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-albums.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-clementine-shuffle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-shape-connection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-shape-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-shape-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/x-shape-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-out-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22/zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/22@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/auto-scale-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/auto-scale-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/auto-scale-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/autocorrection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/bookmark-new-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/bookmark-toolbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/bookmarks-organize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/bookmarks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/checkbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/chronometer-lap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/chronometer-reset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/chronometer-start.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/class-or-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/color-fill.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/colormanagement.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/configure-toolbars.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/contact-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dialog-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dialog-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dialog-xml-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/dirsync.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/distribute-vertical-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-edit-verify.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-encrypt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-export-table.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-multiple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-open-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-print-frame.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-print-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/document-sign.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/documentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/documentinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/download.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-find-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-find-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-find-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/edit-rename.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/editimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/entry-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/entry-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/exifinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/filename-last-played.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/filename-sample-rate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/fileview-preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-fill-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-node-curve.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-config-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-config-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-config-options.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-config-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/games-endturn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/geany-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/geany-close-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/geany-save-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/get-hot-new-stuff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-autofilter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-brush.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-cells-split.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-column-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-column-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-column-hide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-comment-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-bottom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-diag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-inside-horiz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-outside.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-rev-diag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-format-border-top.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-graphguru.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-link-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-link-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-link-email.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-label.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-object-line.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-cell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-row-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-row-hide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-superscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-ungroup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gnumeric-visible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-down-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-first-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-first-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-jump-locationbar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-jump-today.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-last-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-last-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-next-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-next-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-previous-view-page.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-previous-view.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/go-up-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/grid-rectangular.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/group-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/group-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/group-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-apply.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-authentication.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-bold.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-cancel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-cdrom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-clear.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-connect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-disconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-execute.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-floppy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-no.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-quit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-select-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-stop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-tab-duplicate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-tab-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/gtk-yes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/guides.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/help-contextual.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/help-donate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/help-feedback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/help-hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/hint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-ban-user.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-irc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/im-jabber.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/imagecomment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/invertimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-close-channel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/irc-join-channel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kmouth-phrase.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kr_jumpback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/kr_setjumpback.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/lighttableadd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/list-resource-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-queued.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-signed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/mail-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/measure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-album-cover termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-mout.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/meeting-attending-tentative.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/meeting-attending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/menu_new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/nocover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-break.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-delete-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-join-segment.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/node-join.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/object-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/page-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/password-generate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/password-show-off.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/password-show-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-mode-bezier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/path-mode-spiro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/player-volume-muted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/player-volume.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/playlist-generator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/playlist-sort.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/preferences-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/project-development-close-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/project-open.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/randomize.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/ratiocrop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/resource-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-clean.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/run-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/services.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/settings-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/snap-bounding-box.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/sort-name.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/step_object_Controller.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-bevel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/stroke-cap-miter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/system-search.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/system-upgrade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tab-close-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tab-close.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-addressbook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-delete.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-events.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tag-reset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/text_subscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tool-node-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/tool-pointer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-scale-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-scale-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-skew-horizontal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/transform-skew-vertical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/user-identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/user-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-day.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-holiday.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-calendar-workweek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-conversation-balloon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-history.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-album-cover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-media-artist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-contacts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-news.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-pim-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-task-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/view-task-child-add.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/viewimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/visibility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-out-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24/zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/24@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/archive-insert-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-down-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-left-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-left.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-right-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-right.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-up-double.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/blurimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/bookmarks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/colormanagement.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/configure-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/dialog-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/draw-arrow-back.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/draw-arrow-down.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/draw-arrow-forward.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/draw-arrow-up.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/file-zoom-in.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/file-zoom-out.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/format-stroke-color.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/games-config-custom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/games-config-options.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gtk-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/gtk-preferences.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/help-donate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-queued.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-read.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-sent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-signed-fully.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-signed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-unread-new.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/mail-unread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/media-repeat-all.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/output_win.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/page-zoom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/preview.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/settings-configure.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/step_object_Controller.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/tool-pointer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-fit-selection.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-in-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-out-large.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-select-fit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-select-x.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-select-y.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32/zoom-select.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/32@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/address-book-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/application-exit-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/appointment-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/bookmark-add-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/call-end-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/call-start-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/call-stop-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/change-date-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/collapse-all-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/color-profile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/color-select-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/comment-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/contact-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-edit-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-open-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-print-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-properties-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-save-as-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-save-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/document-send-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-copy-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-cut-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-delete-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-find-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-paste-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-select-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/expand-all-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/export-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/extension-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/file-catalog-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/file-library-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/file-search-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/filter-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/find-location-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/folder-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/font-select-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-bottom-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-down-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-home-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-top-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/go-up-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/help-about-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/histogram-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-crop-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-invert-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-navigator-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-resize-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-left-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-right-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-image-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-link-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/insert-text-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/list-add-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/mail-send-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/map-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/mark-location-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-eject-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-record-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/object-select-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/open-menu-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/palette-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/send-to-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/special-effects-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/star-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/system-run-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/system-search-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/tab-new-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/tag-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/tools-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-continuous-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-dual-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-grid-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-list-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-more-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-presentation-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-private-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-refresh-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-restore-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-height-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-width-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-in-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-original-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-out-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-close-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-keep-above-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-keep-below-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-minimize-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-pin-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-shade-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-unpin-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/window-unshade-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-in-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-original-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/actions/symbolic/zoom-out-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/animations/16@2x termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/handset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/headphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/headset.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/internal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/microphone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/speaker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/tv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/user-identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/22/webcam.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.date.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-fog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-overcast-wind.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/48/weather-overcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/applets/64/preferences-system-tabbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/help-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/kdeconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/16@2x       termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/help-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/kdeconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/korg-todo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/preferences-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22/preferences-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/22@2x       termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/32/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/2048-qt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/Anatine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/CMakeSetup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/Caprine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/EasyTAG_icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/FacebookMessenger-facebook.com.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/GMail-mail.google.com.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/Gitter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/Gmail-mail.google.com.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/GnomeBaker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/Pithos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/RescueTime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/VBox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accessories-notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/alacarte.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/amazon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/amazonclouddrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/antimicro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/apper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-bitwarden.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-caprine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-franz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-gmail-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-kaku.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-leonflix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-mellowplayer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-minetime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-motrix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-museeks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-odrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-qnapi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-qtox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-rambox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-rclonetray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-wewechat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/appimagekit-wire-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/applets-screenshooter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/atomix-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/atomix.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/autokey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bijiben.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/brasero.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/btsync-gui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/bumblebee.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cacao-oj6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cacao-oj7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cacao-oj8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cacao-oj9.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calibre-gui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calibre.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligraauthor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligraflow.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligrakarbon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligrakexi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligraplan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligraplanwork.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligrasheets.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligrastage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/calligrawords.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/caprine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/chat.rocket.RocketChat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/checkgmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/chrome-fahmaaghhglfmonjliepjlchgpgfmobi-Default.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/chromium.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cisco-anyconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/clementine.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/code-oss.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/color-picker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.bitwarden.desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_viewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.lrfviewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.github.hluk.copyq.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.GPMDP.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.librehat.yahooweather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.meetfranz.Franz.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.obsproject.Studio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.uploadedlobster.peek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.viber.Viber.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/com.wire.WireDesktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/copy-agent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cryptfolder-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/cryptkeeper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/de.haeckerfelix.gradio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/deepin-emacs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/deepin.com.wechat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/desktop-environment-gnome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dictionary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/diodon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/disper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/display-im6.Q16.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/display-im6.q16.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/display.im6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/dreamchess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/drive-removable-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs-24.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs-25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs-nox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs-snapshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs24.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emacs25.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/emerillon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/empathy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/eog.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/epiphany-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/epiphany-gecko.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/epiphany-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/epiphany-webkit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/epiphany.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/eradio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/everpad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/evolution-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/evolution-memos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/evolution-tasks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/file-roller.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/filelight.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-beta-bin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-beta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-default.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-esr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-gtk3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-mozilla-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/firefox-original.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/five-or-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gcolor2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gcolor3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gdm-setup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gdmsetup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gedit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gis-weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gmail-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gmail-notify-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gmail-plasmoid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gmailwatcher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-2048.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-about-logo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-activity-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-aisleriot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-alsamixer-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-app-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-apt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-baker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-balsa2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-books.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-calculator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-character-map.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-chess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-clocks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-color-chooser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-color-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-commander.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-contacts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-control-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-debian.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-desktop-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-desktop-item-edit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-device-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-dictionary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-display-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-do-panel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-emacs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-encfs-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-eterm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-freecell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-genius.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-glchess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-glines.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-gmenu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-gnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-gnibbles.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-gnumeric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-hearts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-hideseek.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-iagno.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-internet-radio-locator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-internet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-latex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-ldraw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-lightsoff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-logo-icon-transparent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-logs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mahjongg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-maps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mines.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mixer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mouse-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-multi-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-nettool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-nettools.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-network-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-networktool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-note.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-oregano.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-paint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-clock.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-drawer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-fish.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-force-quit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-hibernate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-launcher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-notification-area.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-screenshoot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-screenshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-separator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-suspend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-window-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-window-menu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-panel-workspace-switcher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-pdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-photos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-planner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-pomodoro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-quadrapassel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-remote-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-run.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-samegnome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-screenruler.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-screenshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-search-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-searchtool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-session-halt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-session-hebirnate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-session-hibernate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-session-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-session-suspend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-session.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-set-time.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-background.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-default-applications.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-font.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-keybinding.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-keybindings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-mouse.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings-ui-behavior.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-shell-extension-prefs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-shutdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-software.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-sound-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-status.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-sticky-notes-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-sudoku.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-swell-foop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-system-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-system-log.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-system-monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-system.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-tali.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-term.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-tetraves.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-tracker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-translate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-user-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-video-arcade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-volume-control.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-warning.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-web-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-web.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-window-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-windows.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome-xterm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnome_apps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnomeradio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gnuradio-grc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/goldendict.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-chrome-beta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/google-chrome-unstable.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gpmdp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gprename.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gradio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/graphics-viewer-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/grive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gthumb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gtk3-demo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gtk4-demo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gtk4-widget-factory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/guake-indicator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/gvim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/help-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hipchat4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hp-toolbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hp_logo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hplip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/hplj1020_icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/im.gitter.Gitter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/im.riot.Riot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/inkscape-logo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/internet-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/internet-telephony.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.github.GnomeMpv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.github.Hexchat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.github.Pithos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.github.celluloid_player.Celluloid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.github.qtox.qTox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.gitlab.Goodvibes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/io.webtorrent.WebTorrent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/java-1.6.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/java-1.7.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/java-1.8.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/javaws.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kaddressbook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kalgebrabackend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kazam.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kcalc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kchart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kcolorchooser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kde.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keepass2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keepassx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/keepassx2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kmousetool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/knemo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kompare.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/korgac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/korganizer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kpatience.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kpk-desktop-gnome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kplato.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kpresenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kradio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kradio4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/krudio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kspread.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ksysguardd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ktimer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwalletmanager2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kwikdisk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/kword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/labplot2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/library-internet-radio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice34.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-startcenter termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice4.2-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.1.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice5.4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.2-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreoffice6.3-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.0-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-main.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/libreofficedev6.1-writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/manjaro-settings-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/manjaro-welcome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/manjaro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/martchus.syncthingplasmoid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/me.kozec.syncthingtk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/messengerfordesktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mozilla-firefox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/mucommander.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/multimedia-photo-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/network-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nuvolaplayer3_google_play_music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-310-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-current-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-current-updates-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-drivers-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-x-server-setting.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nvidia-x-server-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/nylas-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/octavebackend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/octopi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/office-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/openbazaar2client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/opencubicplayer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/openjdk-6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/openjdk-7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/openjdk-8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/oracle-javaws.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/oracle_java6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/oracle_java7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/oracle_java8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/orca.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.freedesktop.GnomeAbrt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Aisleriot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.ArchiveManager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Bijiben.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Boxes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Builder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Calculator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Characters.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Cheese.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Chess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.ChromeGnomeShell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Clocks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.ColorViewer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Contacts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.DejaDup.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Devhelp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Dictionary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.DiskUtility.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Disks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Empathy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Epiphany.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Evince.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Evolution.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.FeedReader.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Files.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Four-in-a-row.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.GHex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Geary.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Gedit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Genius.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Glade.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Gnote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Hitori.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Klotski.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.LightsOff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Logs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Lollypop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Mahjongg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Mines.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.MultiWriter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.OCRFeeder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.PowerStats.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Quadrapassel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Recipes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Reversi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Rhythmbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Rhythmbox3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Robots.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Screenshot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Shotwell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Software.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.SoundRecorder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Sudoku.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.SwellFoop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Sysprof.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.SystemMonitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Tali.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Taquin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Terminal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Tetravex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Tomboy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Totem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Tweaks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.TwentyFortyEight.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.Yelp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.baobab.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.bijiben.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.books.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.builder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.cheese.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.chess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.chromegnomeshell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.clocks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.eog.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.epiphany.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.files.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.five-or-more.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.frogr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.games.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.gbrainy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.gedit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.ghex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.gitg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.glabels-3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.hitori.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.iagno.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.lollypop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.mahjongg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.maps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.meld.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.nautilus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.photos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.polari.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.powerstats.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.quadrapassel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.recipes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.seahorse.Application.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.software.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.tetravex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.todo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.tweaks.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.usage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.weather.application.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.gnome.zbrown.Palette.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.kde.plasma.gmailfeed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.kde.plasma.weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.kde.weatherWidget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.base.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.chart.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.startcenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.mozilla.Firefox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.mozilla.Thunderbird.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.pitivi.Pitivi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.remmina.Remmina.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.signal.Signal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.zealdocs.Zeal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/org.zim_wiki.Zim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/overgrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/partitionmanager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pia.svg  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/pithos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/planner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plasma-browser-integration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/plasmadiscover.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/preferences-system.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/psensor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qjoypad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qnapi-48.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/qtox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/quicksynergy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/radio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/radiotray-ng-on.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rambox-os.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ramme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rbackend.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ring-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/riot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/rocketchat-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/scanner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/seafile-client-qt5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/seafile-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/session-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/signal-desktop-beta.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/simplescreenrecorder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/skrooge-initial.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/skypeforlinux.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/smartcode-stremio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/smuxi-frontend-gnome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/software-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/software-properties.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/software-store.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/softwarecenter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/spectacle.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ssh-askpass-gnome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/start-here-manjaro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java-jdk5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java-jdk6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java-jdk7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java-jdk8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java-jre8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java32-jdk5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java32-jdk6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java32-jdk7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-java32-jdk8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws-jdk6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws-jdk7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws-jdk8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws-jre8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws32-jdk6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws32-jdk7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-javaws32-jdk8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol-jdk6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol-jdk7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol-jdk8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol-jre8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/synaptic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/syncthing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/syncthingtray.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/syntevo-smartgit.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/system-settings.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/thunderbird-3.0.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/thunderbird-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/thunderbird-mozilla-build.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/tomboy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/totem.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/transgui-2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/transgui.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/transmission-gtk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/transmission-qt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/transmission-remote-gtk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/ubuntusoftware.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/uget-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/unity-webapps-gmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/usb-creator-gtk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/usb-creator.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-file-archiver.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/utilities-tweak-tool.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/veracrypt.xpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/vpnui48.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/weather-widget.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/web-browser.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/web-google-gmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wewechat.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/whatsapp-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/whatsapp-nativefier.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/wire-desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/x-office-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xchat-gnome.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/xfce4-weather.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yast-control-center.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/48/yd-128.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/accessories-text-editor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/apps/64/plasma-browser-integration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-network.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-other.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/categories/32/applications-system.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/cups.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/cupsprinter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-optical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-partition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/drive-removable-media-usb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/input-gamepad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/media-floppy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/multimedia-player.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wired.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/network-wireless.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/phone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/printer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/radio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16/uav.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/16@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/cups.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/cupsprinter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-optical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-partition.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/drive-removable-media-usb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/input-gamepad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-floppy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-optical-audio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-optical-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/media-optical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wired.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/network-wireless.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/phone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/printer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/radio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22/uav.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/22@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/cups.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/cupsprinter.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-optical.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/input-gamepad.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/media-flash-smart-media.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/monitor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/64/phone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/audio-radio-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-encrypted-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-root-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-multipartition-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/drive-partition-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/devices/symbolic/input-gamepad-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/checkmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/emblem-success.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/installed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/newer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/noninstalled.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/outdated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-broken.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-installed-locked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-installed-updated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/package-purge.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16/unrequired.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/16@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/checkmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22/emblem-success.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/22@2x    termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/checkmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-favorite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/8/emblem-success.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-default-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-important-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-music-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-system-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emblems/symbolic/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/emotes/22@2x     termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-mac-binhex40.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp-keys.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pgp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkcs7-mime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkcs7-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkix-cerl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-pkix-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-relaxng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-sxw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.scribus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.doc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.docx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.dot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.dotx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.pot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.potx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.ppt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.pptx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.xls.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.xlt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-wps-office.xltx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-abiword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-compress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cpio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-cue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-egon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-executable-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-flash-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-pcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-font-snf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gba-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-gzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-iso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-it87.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-jar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-java-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-k3b.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kformula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kgetlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kontour.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-kword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-lha.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mimearchive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mplayer2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mswinurl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-mswrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-n64-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-nes-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-nzb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-object.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pkcs12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-qet-element.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-qet-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-quattropro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-siag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-smb-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-source-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-srtrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-subrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-tgif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-troff-man.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xpinstall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-xz-pkg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-x-zoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xsd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/application-xslt+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-ac3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mp3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-prs.sid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-adpcm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-aiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-monkey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/audiobook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/fonts-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-jpeg2000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-emf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-eps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-win-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-win-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/image-x-xfig.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/inode-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/libreoffice-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/odf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-enriched.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-mathml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rdf+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-rdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-sgml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-troff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vcalendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vnd.abc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-bibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-copying.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-credits.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-dtd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-java-source.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-katefilelist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-ldif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-lilypond.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-log.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-makefile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-nfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-objchdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-objcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-opml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-opml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-python3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-readme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-sql.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-vcard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-x-xslfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/text-xmcd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-mms.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-mmst.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-pnm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-rtspt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/uri-rtspu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-mlt-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-mp2t.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-vivo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-wavelet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-anim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-flic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-flv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-javafx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-mng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ms-wmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ms-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-msvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/viewbib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/viewdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/viewhtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/viewpdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/viewps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/virtualbox-vhd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16/x-mail-distribution-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/16@2x  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-mac-binhex40.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-keys.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pgp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs7-mime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs7-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pkix-cerl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-pkix-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-relaxng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-sxw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.scribus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.doc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.docx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.dot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.dotx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.pot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.potx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.ppt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.pptx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xls.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xlt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xltx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-abiword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-compress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-cpio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-cue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-egon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-executable-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-flash-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-pcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-snf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gba-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-iso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-it87.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-jar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-java-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-k3b.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kformula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kgetlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kontour.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-kword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-lha.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-mimearchive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-mplayer2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-mswinurl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-mswrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-n64-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-nes-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-nzb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-object.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-pak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-pkcs12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-qet-element.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-qet-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-quattropro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-siag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-sif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-smb-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-source-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-srtrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-subrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-tgif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-troff-man.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-xpinstall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-xz-pkg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-x-zoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-xsd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/application-xslt+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-ac3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-mp3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-prs.sid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-adpcm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-aiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-monkey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/audiobook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/fonts-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-jpeg2000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-emf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-eps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-win-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-win-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/image-x-xfig.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/inode-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/odf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-enriched.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-mathml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-rdf+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-rdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-sgml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-troff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-vcalendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.abc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-bibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-copying.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-credits.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-dtd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-java-source.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-katefilelist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-ldif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-lilypond.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-log.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-makefile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-nfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-objchdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-objcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-opml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-opml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-python3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-readme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-sql.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-vcard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-x-xslfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/text-xmcd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/uri-mms.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/uri-mmst.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/uri-pnm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/uri-rtspt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/uri-rtspu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-mlt-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-mp2t.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-vivo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-wavelet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-anim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-flic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-flv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-javafx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-mng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-ms-wmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-ms-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-msvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/viewbib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/viewdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/viewhtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/viewpdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/viewps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vhd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22/x-mail-distribution-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/22@2x  termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-mac-binhex40.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-keys.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pgp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs7-mime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs7-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pkix-cerl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-pkix-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-relaxng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-sxw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.scribus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.doc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.docx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.dot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.dotx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.pot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.potx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.ppt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.pptx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xls.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xlt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xltx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-abiword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-compress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-cpio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-cue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-egon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-executable-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-flash-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-pcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-snf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gba-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-iso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-it87.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-jar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-java-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-k3b.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kformula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kgetlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kontour.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-kword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-lha.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-mimearchive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-mplayer2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-mswinurl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-mswrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-n64-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-nes-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-nzb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-object.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-pak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-pkcs12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-qet-element.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-qet-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-quattropro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-rdata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-siag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-sif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-smb-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-source-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-srtrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-subrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-tgif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-troff-man.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-xpinstall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-xz-pkg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-x-zoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-xsd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/application-xslt+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-ac3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-mp3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-prs.sid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-adpcm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-aiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-monkey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/audiobook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/fonts-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-jpeg2000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-emf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-eps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-win-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-win-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/image-x-xfig.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/inode-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/odf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-enriched.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-mathml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-rdf+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-rdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-sgml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-troff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-vcalendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.abc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-bibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-copying.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-credits.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-dtd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-java-source.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-katefilelist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-ldif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-lilypond.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-log.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-makefile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-nfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-objchdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-objcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-opml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-opml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-python3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-readme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-sql.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-vcard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-x-xslfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/text-xmcd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/uri-mms.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/uri-mmst.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/uri-pnm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/uri-rtspt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/uri-rtspu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-mlt-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-mp2t.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-vivo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-wavelet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-anim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-flic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-flv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-javafx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-mng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-ms-wmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-ms-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-msvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/viewbib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/viewdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/viewhtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/viewpdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/viewps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vhd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/32/x-mail-distribution-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-mac-binhex40.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-keys.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pgp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-mime.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-signature.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pkix-cerl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-pkix-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-relaxng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-rss+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-rtf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-sxw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.scribus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.doc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.docx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.dot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.dotx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.pot.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.potx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.ppt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.pptx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xls.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xlt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xltx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-7z-compressed.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-abiword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-applix-word.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-archive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-compress.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-cpio.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-cue.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-egon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-flash-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-pcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-snf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gba-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gnumeric.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-iso.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-it87.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-jar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-applet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-k3b.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kformula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kgetlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kontour.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-kword.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-lha.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-mimearchive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-mplayer2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-mswinurl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-mswrite.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-n64-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-nes-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-nzb.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-object.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-pak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-pkcs12.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-qet-element.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-qet-project.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-quattropro.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-rar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-rdata.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-shellscript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-siag.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-sif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-smb-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-source-rpm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-srtrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-subrip.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-tgif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-troff-man.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-xpinstall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-xz-pkg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-x-zoo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-xhtml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-xsd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/application-xslt+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-ac3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-flac.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-mp3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-mp4.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-prs.sid.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-adpcm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-aiff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-monkey.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mp2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/audiobook.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/encrypted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/font-otf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/font-ttf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/fonts-package.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-ico.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg2000.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-emf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-eps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-icon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-krita.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-svg+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bitmap.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-wmf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/image-x-xfig.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/inode-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-presentation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-text-template.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-text.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/message.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/odf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/podcast.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-calendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-csharp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-directory.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-enriched.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-markdown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-mathml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-rdf+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-rdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-sgml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-troff.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-vcalendar.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.abc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-bibtex.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-copying.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-credits.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-dtd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-gettext-translation.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-java-source.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-java.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-javascript.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-katefilelist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-ldif.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-lilypond.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-log.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-makefile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-nfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-objchdr.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-objcsrc.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-opml+xml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-opml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-plain.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-python3.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-readme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-rust.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-scss.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-sql.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-vcard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-x-xslfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/text-xmcd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/unknown.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/uri-mms.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/uri-mmst.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/uri-pnm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/uri-rtspt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/uri-rtspu.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-mlt-playlist.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-mp2t.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-vivo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-wavelet.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-anim.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-flic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-flv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-javafx.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-mng.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-ms-wmp.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-ms-wmv.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-msvideo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/viewbib.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/viewdvi.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/viewhtml.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/viewpdf.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/viewps.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vhd.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/vnd.ms-publisher.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/mimetypes/64/x-mail-distribution-list.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/certificate-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/document-multiple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-bookmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-downloads.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-dropbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-image-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-images.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-onedrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-owncloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-picture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-public.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-txt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/folder_html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/network-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/repository.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/server-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/start-here-kde-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/start-here-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/stock_folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16/user-identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/16@2x     termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/certificate-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/document-multiple.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-bookmark.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-development.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-documents.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-downloads.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-dropbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-image-people.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-images.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-onedrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-owncloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-picture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-print.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-public.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-script.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-txt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-unlocked.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/folder_html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/mail-folder-sent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/network-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/repository.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/server-database.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/start-here-kde-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/start-here-kde.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/stock_folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22/user-identity.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/22@2x     termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/certificate-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-downloads.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-dropbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-images.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-onedrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-owncloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-picture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-public.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-txt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/folder_html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/library-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/network-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/32/stock_folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/certificate-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/desktop.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/favorites.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-downloads.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-dropbox.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-image.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-images.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-onedrive.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-owncloud.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-picture.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-public.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-recent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-txt.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder-video.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/folder_html.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/library-music.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/network-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/start-here-kde-plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/64/stock_folder.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-games-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/places/symbolic/folder-root-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/amarok_change_language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/baloo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/face-smile.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/gtkconfig.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/kaccess.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/kde-gtk-config.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/kdeconnect.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/kded5.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/krunner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/ksmserver.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/mediacontrol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/plasma.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/plasmagik.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/plasmashell.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-notification.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-share.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-network.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences-system-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/preferences.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/system-lock-screen.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-addon-extension.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-addon.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-alternatives.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-apparmor.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-auth-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-bootloader.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-checkmedia.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-create-new-vm.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-device-tree.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-dhcp-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-dns-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-docker.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-dsl.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-fcoe.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-firewall.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-fonts.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-ftp-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-hardware-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-host.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-http-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-hwinfo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-instserver.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-iscsi-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-iscsi-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-journal.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-kerberos-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-kernel.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-keyboard.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-lan.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-language.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-ldap-kerberos.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-ldap-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-mail.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-messages.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-misc-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-network-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-nfs-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-nfs.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-nis-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-nis.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-ntp-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-printer.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-proxy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-release-notes.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-remote.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-samba-client.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-samba-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-scanner.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-security-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-security.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-services-manager.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-slp-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-snapper.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-sound.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-sudo.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-support-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-support.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-sysconfig.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-system-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-tftp-server.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-timezone.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-update-online-configuration.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-update-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-users.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-vm-group.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-vm-install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-vm-migrate.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-vpn.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/preferences/32/yast-wol.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-caution.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-good.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/battery-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/cloudstatus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/irc-channel-joined.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/irc-channel-parted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-email.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-pending.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/pidgin-tray-xa.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-away-extended.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-invisible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16/user-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/16@2x     termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-caution.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-good.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/battery-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/cloudstatus.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/install.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/irc-channel-joined.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/irc-channel-parted.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wired-disconnected.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-signal-good.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-signal-none.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/script-error.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-available.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-away-extended.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-away.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-busy.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-invisible.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-offline.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22/user-online.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/22@2x     termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-caution-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-caution.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-empty-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-empty.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-full-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-full.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-good-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-good.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-low-charging.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/32/battery-low.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/rating-unrated.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/termux-desk-qt-icons/status/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg termux-desk-qt-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/launch-desktop                                termux-desk-qt-vnc-manager
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/stop-desktop                                  termux-desk-qt-vnc-manager
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vnc-config                                    termux-desk-qt-vnc-manager
